=== ABILITIES BY COOLDOWN AT LEVEL 1 (highest first) ===

Zac P: Cell Division (300s)
  Innate - The Secret Weapon: Zac gains increased percentage size equal to 1.5% of his bonus health, capped at 35% increas...

Anivia P: Rebirth (240s)
  Innate: Periodically, upon taking fatal damage, Anivia enters resurrection for 6 seconds and restores all of her health.

Karthus R: Requiem (200s)
  Active: Karthus channels for 3 seconds, then deals magic damage to all targetable enemy champions upon completion.

Shen R: Stand United (200s)
  Active: Shen focuses his will, channeling for 3 seconds and granting the target allied champion a shield for 5 seconds a...

Galio R: Hero's Entrance (180s)
  Active: Galio prepares to make an entrance, channeling for 2.75 seconds and designating the target allied champion's loc...

Pantheon R: Grand Starfall (180s)
  Passive: Pantheon gains armor penetration.

Ryze R: Realm Warp (180s)
  Passive: Overload's Flux empowered damage is increased.

Taliyah R: Weaver's Wall (180s)
  Active: Taliyah summons a torrent of spiraling rocks that cascades in the target direction, knocking aside champions hit...

Taric R: Cosmic Radiance (180s)
  Active: Taric calls down a star from above that descends to him over 2.5 seconds. Afterwards, he and nearby allied champ...

TwistedFate R: Destiny (170s)
  Active: Twisted Fate marks all targetable enemy champions, revealing them for a duration. Destiny can be recast after 0....

Gangplank R: Cannon Barrage (160s)
  Active: Gangplank shoots a flare into the air, signaling his ship off-shore to fire upon the target location for 8 secon...

Kalista R: Fate's Call (160s)
  Active: Kalista invokes her tether to retrieve and hold her Oathsworn for 4 seconds. Kalista cleanses the Oathsworn from...

Kayle R: Divine Judgment (160s)
  Active: Kayle grants herself or a target allied champion invulnerability for 2.5 seconds and conjures swords of fire.

Kindred R: Lamb's Respite (160s)
  Active: Lamb blesses the ground underneath herself and enters a 0.264 seconds cast time, creating a sacred zone at her l...

Milio R: Breath of Life (160s)
  Active: Milio explodes in soothing flames, healing and cleansing himself and nearby allied champions of non- airborne cr...

Seraphine R: Encore (160s)
  Active: Seraphine projects a captivating force in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit, charms th...

Volibear R: Stormbringer (160s)
  Active: Volibear gains Stormbringer for 12 seconds and leaps to the target location with displacement immunity over 1 se...

Yorick R: Eulogy of the Isles (160s)
  Active: Yorick summons the Maiden of the Mist over 1.5 seconds, along with a number of Mist Walkers surrounding her at t...

Amumu R: Curse of the Sad Mummy (150s)
  Active: Amumu entangles nearby enemies in bandages, dealing magic damage as well as knocking down and stunning them for ...

Lillia R: Lilting Lullaby (150s)
  Active: Lillia casts a magical lullaby over all enemy champions affected by Dream Dust, which arrives after 0.3 seconds ...

Renata R: Hostile Takeover (150s)
  Active: Renata launches a cloud of potent chemicals that travels in the target direction, granting sight of its surround...

Soraka R: Wish (150s)
  Active: Soraka calls upon the stars, healing herself and all allied champions, increased by 50% on targets below 40% of ...

Ahri R: Spirit Rush (140s)
  Active: Ahri dashes to the target location and then fires essence bolts to up to 3 nearby visible enemies, each dealing ...

Aurora R: Between Worlds (140s)
  Active: Aurora leaps in the target direction with displacement immunity over 0.4 seconds. She then gains Realm Hopper fo...

Camille R: The Hextech Ultimatum (140s)
  Active: Camille becomes untargetable and leaps with displacement immunity towards the target enemy champion over 0.5 sec...

Fiddlesticks R: Crowstorm (140s)
  Active: Fiddlesticks channels for 1.5 seconds, then blinks to the target location upon completion with a murder of crows...

Hecarim R: Onslaught of Shadows (140s)
  Active: Hecarim dashes with displacement immunity to the target location and summons 5 spectral riders in an arrow forma...

Hwei R: Spiraling Despair (140s)
  Active: Hwei launches a globule of pure despair in the target direction that collides with the first enemy champion hit,...

Ivern R: Daisy! (140s)
  Active: Ivern summons his sentinel friend Daisy to his side, who lands 350 units away from him in the target direction a...

Kled R: Chaaaaaaaarge!!! (140s)
  Active: Kled & Skaarl charge toward the target location, automatically navigating terrain along the way, during which th...

Malzahar R: Nether Grasp (140s)
  Active: Malzahar tethers to the target enemy champion, knocking them down. He then channels for up to 2.5 seconds, suppr...

Mordekaiser R: Realm of Death (140s)
  Active: Mordekaiser aims his mace towards the target enemy champion, slowing them by 75% and revealing them over the cas...

Nocturne R: Paranoia (140s)
  Active: Nocturne terrorizes all enemy champions, nearsighting them for 6 seconds. He can recast Paranoia for the same du...

Ornn R: Call of the Forge God (140s)
  Active: Ornn sounds his horn, summoning a lava elemental at maximum range from the target direction that stampedes towar...

Poppy R: Keeper's Verdict (140s)
  Active: Poppy charges while being slowed by 15% for up to 4 seconds to increase Keeper's Verdict's range and knock back ...

Senna R: Dawning Shadow (140s)
  Active: Senna fires two waves of spectral light in the target direction, granting sight of the area briefly along the pa...

Sion R: Unstoppable Onslaught (140s)
  Active: Sion becomes immune to crowd control and ghosted and, after a brief delay, charges forward in the direction of t...

Sona R: Crescendo (140s)
  Active: Sona strikes an irresistible chord in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and stuns them...

Vex R: Shadow Surge (140s)
  Active: Vex sends her Shadow in the target direction that grants sight around its trajectory and deals magic damage to e...

Vi R: Cease and Desist (140s)
  Active: Vi singles out the target enemy champion, dashing with displacement immunity towards them and revealing them. Up...

Xayah R: Featherstorm (140s)
  Active: Xayah leaps into the air, becoming ghosted and untargetable for 1.5 seconds. After 1 second, she shoots 5 Feathe...

Ambessa R: Public Execution (130s)
  Passive: Ambessa gains armor penetration and heals herself for a percentage of the post-mitigation damage she deals to e...

Annie R: Summon: Tibbers (130s)
  Passive: Annie gains magic penetration.

Janna R: Monsoon (130s)
  Active: Janna unleashes a blast that knocks back all nearby enemies to up to 875 units over 0.5 seconds based on their p...

Malphite R: Unstoppable Force (130s)
  Active: Malphite dashes with displacement immunity to the target location. Upon arrival, he deals magic damage to nearby...

Maokai R: Nature's Grasp (130s)
  Active: Maokai summons a colossal wall of five thorny brambles that slowly advances in the target direction, acceleratin...

Rakan R: The Quickness (130s)
  Active: Rakan breaks into a captivating sprint for 4 seconds, gaining ghosting and 75% bonus movement speed for the dura...

Rumble R: The Equalizer (130s)
  Active: Rumble deploys a barrage of rockets along the target path that land in a line over 0.75 seconds, creating a fiel...

Sejuani R: Glacial Prison (130s)
  Active: Sejuani throws an ice bola in the target direction that stops upon hitting an enemy champion, dealing magic dama...

MonkeyKing R: Cyclone (130s)
  Active: Wukong spins his staff around for up to 2 seconds, becoming ghosted and gaining 20% bonus movement speed. The st...

Xerath R: Rite of the Arcane (130s)
  Active: Xerath channels for up to 10 seconds, gaining the ability to recast Rite of the Arcane multiple times after 0.5 ...

Irelia R: Vanguard's Edge (125s)
  Active: Irelia launches a barrage of blades in the target direction, expanding outward upon hitting an enemy champion, d...

Aatrox R: World Ender (120s)
  Active: Aatrox unleashes his true form for 10 seconds, fearing nearby enemy minions and monsters for 3 seconds, during w...

Akali R: Perfect Execution (120s)
  Active: Akali dashes 750 units in the direction of the target enemy champion, dealing magic damage to enemies she passes...

Alistar R: Unbreakable Will (120s)
  Active: Alistar cleanses himself of all crowd control. For the next 7 seconds, he reduces incoming damage taken.

Aphelios R: Moonlight Vigil (120s)
  Active: Aphelios casts forth a lunar spotlight in the target direction that briefly grants sight of the area along its p...

AurelionSol R: Falling Star (120s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol calls down a star that strikes the target location after 1.25 seconds, dealing magic damage to enem...

Azir R: Emperor's Divide (120s)
  Active: Azir calls forth a phalanx of soldiers from 175 units behind him, catching enemies from up to 325 units behind h...

Braum R: Glacial Fissure (120s)
  Active: Braum leaps into the air and slams his shield into the ground, creating a fissure from the impact that travels f...

Briar R: Certain Death (120s)
  Active: Briar kicks her pillory's hemolith in the target direction, briefly granting sight of its surroundings as it tra...

Cassiopeia R: Petrifying Gaze (120s)
  Active: Cassiopeia blasts enemies in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies struck within and s...

Darius R: Noxian Guillotine (120s)
  Active: Darius attempts to execute the target enemy champion, leaping towards them to deal true damage, increased by 0% ...

DrMundo R: Maximum Dosage (120s)
  Active: Dr. Mundo injects himself with chemicals to become enhanced for 10 seconds, gaining increased base health, bonus...

Evelynn R: Last Caress (120s)
  Active: Evelynn reveals her true form, becoming untargetable at the start of the cast time and then unleashing her lashe...

Ezreal R: Trueshot Barrage (120s)
  Active: Ezreal fires a powerful arc of energy in the target direction that briefly grants sight of its surroundings and ...

Garen R: Demacian Justice (120s)
  Active: Garen calls upon the might of Demacia onto the target enemy champion, dealing them true damage as well as reveal...

Gwen R: Needlework (120s)
  Active: Gwen launches a needle in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and slows them by 60% for ...

Illaoi R: Leap of Faith (120s)
  Active: Illaoi gains displacement immunity and leaps into the air for the cast time. She then slams her idol into the gr...

JarvanIV R: Cataclysm (120s)
  Active: Jarvan IV leaps with displacement immunity to the target enemy champion's location over 0.35 seconds, dealing ph...

Jhin R: Curtain Call (120s)
  Active: Jhin channels for up to 10 seconds, transforming his weapon into a cannon and gaining the ability to recast Curt...

KSante R: All Out (120s)
  Active: K'Sante roots the target enemy champion for 0.5 seconds and gains displacement immunity over the cast time. He t...

Kaisa R: Killer Instinct (120s)
  Active: Kai'Sa grants herself a shield for 2 seconds and dashes to a target location near a visible enemy champion that ...

Kayn R: Umbral Trespass (120s)
  Passive: Kayn marks enemy champions he damaged in the last 3.15 seconds.

Kennen R: Slicing Maelstrom (120s)
  Active: Kennen summons a storm around himself for 3 seconds, gaining bonus armor and bonus magic resistance for the dura...

Lissandra R: Frozen Tomb (120s)
  Active: Lissandra can cast Frozen Tomb on herself or an enemy champion.

Lulu R: Wild Growth (120s)
  Active: Lulu enlarges herself or the target allied champion, knocking up nearby enemies for 1 second. For the next 7 sec...

Mel R: Golden Eclipse (120s)
  Passive: Overwhelm stacks store more damage.

MissFortune R: Bullet Time (120s)
  Active: Miss Fortune channels for up to 3 seconds, firing a number of waves of bullets in the target direction. Each wav...

Morgana R: Soul Shackles (120s)
  Active: Morgana latches chains of energy onto nearby enemy champions over the cast time, dealing magic damage and formin...

Nami R: Tidal Wave (120s)
  Active: Nami surges a tidal wave in the target direction, granting sight around its trajectory as it travels, dealing ma...

Nasus R: Fury of the Sands (120s)
  Active: Nasus empowers himself for 15 seconds, gaining bonus health, bonus armor, bonus magic resistance, increased size...

Nautilus R: Depth Charge (120s)
  Active: Nautilus sends out a Depth Charge that chases the target enemy champion, accelerating over time and creating eru...

Neeko R: Pop Blossom (120s)
  Active: Neeko winds up spiritual essence over 1.25 seconds and highlights an area around herself, which is visible to en...

Qiyana R: Supreme Display of Talent (120s)
  Active: Qiyana sweeps a windblast in the target direction that knocks back enemies hit by 375 units, though not through ...

Rammus R: Soaring Slam (120s)
  Active: Rammus leaps to the target location with immunity to crowd control. Upon arrival, he creates an impact that deal...

RekSai R: Void Rush (120s)
  Passive: Rek'Sai applies Marked as Prey to enemy champions she damages, lasting for 5 seconds.

Rell R: Magnet Storm (120s)
  Active: Rell erupts with magnetic fury, pulling nearby enemies inward. She then creates a gravitational field around her...

Renekton R: Dominus (120s)
  Active: Renekton empowers himself for 15 seconds, gaining bonus health, 20% increased size, 25 bonus attack range, and 2...

Riven R: Blade of the Exile (120s)
  Active: Riven empowers her blade for 15 seconds, gaining 25% AD bonus attack damage, 75 bonus attack range, and increase...

Sett R: The Show Stopper (120s)
  Active: Sett suppresses and reveals the target enemy champion while dashing with displacement immunity to their location...

Sivir R: On the Hunt (120s)
  Active: Sivir gains On the Hunt for a duration and grants it to nearby allied champions for the remaining duration.

Skarner R: Impale (120s)
  Active: Skarner winds up his stingers over the cast time, then lashes them forward in an isosceles trapezoid in the targ...

Smolder R: MMOOOMMMM! (120s)
  Active: Smolder shouts for his mother to attack from above, causing her to exhale a wave of fire from behind him and tow...

Swain R: Demonic Ascension (120s)
  Active: Swain frees the demon within himself, gaining Demonic Ascension and generating 50 Demonic Energy. Demonic Ascens...

Syndra R: Unleashed Power (120s)
  Passive: Dark Sphere gains ability haste.

TahmKench R: Devour (120s)
  Active: Tahm Kench abducts the target champion, pulling them to him over the cast time and then swallowing them to carry...

Thresh R: The Box (120s)
  Active: Thresh erects a pentagon of spectral walls around him that each last for 5 seconds. A wall will break upon enemy...

Trundle R: Subjugate (120s)
  Active: Trundle drains the life force out of the target enemy champion, dealing magic damage and healing himself for the...

Tryndamere R: Undying Rage (120s)
  Active: Tryndamere becomes enraged, instantly gaining Fury and a minimum health threshold for 5 seconds.

Viego R: Heartbreaker (120s)
  Active: Viego gains displacement immunity over the cast time, then blinks to the target location. Upon arrival, he strik...

Viktor R: Arcane Storm (120s)
  Active: Viktor conjures an arcane singularity at the target location, dealing magic damage to enemies within the area an...

Vladimir R: Hemoplague (120s)
  Active: Vladimir spreads a virulent plague at the target location that infects enemies hit for 4 seconds, increasing the...

XinZhao R: Crescent Guard (120s)
  Passive - Challenge: The last enemy champion hit by Xin Zhao's basic attacks or Audacious Charge is marked Challenged fo...

Yone R: Fate Sealed (120s)
  Active: Yone prepares a strike over the cast time, then marks all enemies within an area in the target direction, knocki...

Yuumi R: Final Chapter (120s)
  Active: Yuumi and Book channel for up to 3.5 seconds, during which they are ghosted, to launch 5 magical waves in the ta...

Zac R: Let's Bounce! (120s)
  Active: Zac bounces after the cast time, then bounces 3 additional times each second over 3 seconds, during which he als...

Zed R: Death Mark (120s)
  Active: Zed becomes untargetable and, after a 0.6-second delay, he dashes to 125 units beyond the target enemy champion ...

Ziggs R: Mega Inferno Bomb (120s)
  Active: Ziggs catapults the Mega Inferno Bomb to the target location, granting sight within a 600 radius around its dest...

Zilean P: Time in a Bottle (120s)
  Innate: Zilean generates 2 / 3.5 / 5 / 6 / 12 (based on level) experience (does not count towards his own level up) ever...

Zilean R: Chronoshift (120s)
  Active: Zilean places a protective time rune on the target allied champion or himself for 5 seconds.

Bard R: Tempered Fate (110s)
  Active: Bard sends magical energy arcing to the target location, granting sight of the area during travel. Upon impact, ...

Brand R: Pyroclasm (110s)
  Active: Brand launches a fireball at the target enemy that bounces between nearby enemies and Brand up to four times, de...

Ekko R: Chronobreak (110s)
  Passive: Upon learning Chronobreak or if its current cooldown is lower than 4 seconds, Ekko reveals a time-delayed after...

Fiora R: Grand Challenge (110s)
  Passive: Duelist's Dance's bonus movement speed is increased.

Jax R: Grandmaster-at-Arms (110s)
  Passive: Jax's basic attacks generate a stack of Grandmaster-at-Arms on-hit for 2.5 seconds, refreshing on subsequent hi...

LeeSin R: Dragon's Rage (110s)
  Active: Lee Sin roots the target enemy champion over the cast time, then roundhouse kicks them to deal physical damage a...

Lucian R: The Culling (110s)
  Active: Lucian channels for up to 3 seconds, rapidly firing up to 22 (+ 1 per 4% critical strike chance) shots in the ta...

Naafiri R: Hounds' Pursuit (110s)
  Active: Naafiri and her Packmates channel for 0.75 seconds to single out the target enemy champion, revealing them in th...

Nilah R: Apotheosis (110s)
  Active: Nilah whirls her whip-blade over 1 second, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies every 0.25 seconds. She the...

Nunu R: Absolute Zero (110s)
  Active: Nunu and Willump channel a blizzard for up to 3 seconds, granting themselves a shield and slowing nearby enemies...

Orianna R: Command: Shockwave (110s)
  Active: Orianna commands The Ball to unleash a shockwave that deals magic damage to nearby enemies, stuns them for 0.75 ...

Warwick R: Infinite Duress (110s)
  Active: Warwick leaps in the target direction with crowd control immunity, stopping upon hitting an enemy champion. He t...

Zyra R: Stranglethorns (110s)
  Active: Zyra summons a monstrous thicket at the target location that deals magic damage to enemies hit as it expands.

Akshan R: Comeuppance (100s)
  Active: Akshan locks onto the target enemy champion and begins channeling for 2.5 seconds, revealing them as well as rev...

Ashe R: Enchanted Crystal Arrow (100s)
  Active: Ashe fires a massive arrow of ice in the target direction, granting sight of the area it flies through each for ...

Diana R: Moonfall (100s)
  Active: Diana pulls in all nearby enemies, during which they are revealed, then slows them for 2 seconds.

Draven R: Whirling Death (100s)
  Active: Draven hurls two massive axes in the target direction that briefly grant sight of their surroundings and deal ph...

Fizz R: Chum the Waters (100s)
  Active: Fizz throws down a lure at the target location that attracts a shark, granting sight of the area before it emerg...

Gragas R: Explosive Cask (100s)
  Active: Gragas hurls a cask that travels to the target location over 0.5 seconds, exploding on impact to deal magic dama...

Graves R: Collateral Damage (100s)
  Active: Graves fires an explosive shell in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and causes him...

Heimerdinger R: UPGRADE!!! (100s)
  Active: Heimerdinger empowers his next basic ability for an additional effect, consuming the empowerment upon cast and p...

Khazix R: Void Assault (100s)
  Passive: Each rank in Void Assault allows Kha'Zix to evolve one of his abilities, granting it additional effects. Evolvi...

Olaf R: Ragnarok (100s)
  Passive: Olaf gains bonus armor and bonus magic resistance.

Pyke R: Death from Below (100s)
  Active: Pyke marks the target location with the shape of an X before striking it, executing enemy champions within the a...

Rengar R: Thrill of the Hunt (100s)
  Passive: Rengar also gains Unseen Predator while camouflaged from any source.

Shaco R: Hallucinate (100s)
  Active: Shaco vanishes for 0.5 seconds and blinks in the target direction while creating a clone of himself that is summ...

Singed R: Insanity Potion (100s)
  Active: Singed empowers himself for 25 seconds with ability power, bonus armor, bonus magic resistance, bonus movement s...

Talon R: Shadow Assault (100s)
  Active: Talon disperses a ring of blades around him that deals physical damage to enemies hit and lingers at maximum ran...

Tristana R: Buster Shot (100s)
  Active: Tristana fires a massive cannonball at the target enemy that deals magic damage. They and surrounding enemies ar...

Urgot R: Fear Beyond Death (100s)
  Active: Urgot fires a chem-drill in the target direction that impales the first enemy champion hit, dealing physical dam...

Varus R: Chain of Corruption (100s)
  Active: Varus unleashes a tendril of corruption in the target direction that infects the first enemy champion hit, deali...

Vayne R: Final Hour (100s)
  Active: Vayne equips her crossbow, gaining bonus attack damage for a duration.

Veigar R: Primordial Burst (100s)
  Active: Veigar sends a primordial burst at the target enemy champion that deals magic damage, increased by 0% : 100% (ba...

Velkoz R: Life Form Disintegration Ray (100s)
  Passive - Researched: Applying 3 Deconstruction stacks to an enemy champion marks them as Researched for 7 seconds, refr...

Yunara R: Transcend One's Self (100s)
  Passive: Arc of Ruin's base damage and Untouchable Shadow's dash speed scale with Transcend One's Self's rank.

Azir P: Shurima's Legacy (90s)
  Innate: Whenever a turret outside the enemy team's base is destroyed, a marker is placed above its ruins which can be ta...

Blitzcrank P: Mana Barrier (90s)
  Innate: Periodically, when damaged to 30% maximum health, Blitzcrank generates a shield equal to 35% of maximum mana, la...

Caitlyn R: Ace in the Hole (90s)
  Active: Caitlyn locks onto the target enemy champion and channels for 1 second, revealing them as well as revealing hers...

Gnar R: GNAR! (90s)
  Mini Gnar - Passive: Hyper's bonus movement speed is increased.

Leona R: Solar Flare (90s)
  Active: Leona calls down a solar flare that strikes upon the target location after 0.625 seconds, granting sight of the ...

Twitch R: Spray and Pray (90s)
  Active: Twitch gains bonus attack damage and 300 bonus attack range for 6 seconds, during which his basic attacks are re...

Jinx R: Super Mega Death Rocket! (85s)
  Active: Jinx fires a massive rocket in the target direction, briefly granting sight of its surroundings and exploding up...

MasterYi R: Highlander (85s)
  Passive: Scoring a champion takedown reduces the current cooldowns of Master Yi's basic abilities by 70%.

Chogath R: Feast (80s)
  Active: Cho'Gath attempts to eat the target enemy, dealing them true damage. Against non- champions, the base damage is ...

Sylas R: Hijack (80s)
  Active: Sylas launches his chains at the target enemy champion, gaining a copy of their ultimate ability and revealing t...

Warwick W: Blood Hunt (80s)
  Passive: Warwick gains bonus attack speed for 1.25 seconds upon damaging a target to or while they are below 50% of thei...

Zeri R: Lightning Crash (80s)
  Active: Zeri discharges an electric nova that deals magic damage to nearby enemies. If this hits at least one enemy cham...

Katarina R: Death Lotus (75s)
  Active: Katarina channels for up to 2.5 seconds, rapidly throwing a dagger every 0.166 seconds to up to 3 of the closest...

Yasuo R: Last Breath (70s)
  Active: Yasuo blinks to the opposite side of a visible airborne enemy champion nearest to the cursor, instantly generati...

Blitzcrank R: Static Field (60s)
  Passive: While Static Field is not on cooldown, Blitzcrank's basic attacks apply a stack to the target on-hit. After eve...

DrMundo P: Goes Where He Pleases (60s)
  Innate: Dr. Mundo regenerates an additional[ 0.4% : 2.3% (based on level) of his maximum health every 5 seconds. ][ 0.04...

Leblanc P: Mirror Image (60s)
  Innate: Periodically, when LeBlanc is damaged to 40% maximum health, she creates a clone of herself, after which they bo...

Lux R: Final Spark (60s)
  Active: Lux fires a massive light beam in a line in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and reve...

Bard P: Traveler's Call (50s)
  Innate - Ancient Chimes: Bard's presence causes sacred Chimes to appear at random locations on the map, lingering for up...

Quinn W: Heightened Senses (50s)
  Passive: Whenever Quinn uses a basic attack on-attack against a Vulnerable target or consumes their mark, she gains bonu...

Leblanc R: Mimic (45s)
  Active: LeBlanc casts a mimicked version of her most recently used basic ability, applying the same effects and dealing ...

Karma R: Mantra (40s)
  Active: Karma empowers her next basic ability within 8 seconds for an additional effect. Mantra can be used while affect...

Rakan P: Fey Feathers (40s)
  Innate: Periodically, Rakan grants himself a shield for 30 : 225 (based on level) (+ 95% AP) that lasts until broken. Af...

Varus W: Blighted Quiver (40s)
  Passive: Varus' basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus magic damage and apply a stack of Blight on-hit for 6 seconds,...

Mel W: Rebuttal (35s)
  Active: Mel forms a protective barrier around herself for 0.75 seconds, becoming invulnerable to non- turret damage and ...

Kalista W: Sentinel (30s)
  Passive - Soul-Marked: While Kalista and her Oathsworn are tethered, their basic attacks and Pierce apply a Soul-Mark to...

Malzahar P: Void Shift (30s)
  Innate: Periodically, Malzahar gains Void Shift until he takes non- minion damage or negates a crowd control effect, to ...

Maokai P: Sap Magic (30s)
  Innate: Periodically, Maokai empowers his next basic attack to have an uncancellable windup and heal him for 4% : 12.8% ...

Naafiri P: We Are More (30s)
  Innate: Periodically, Naafiri summons a Packmate that fights alongside her. She may have up to 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 (based on l...

Samira W: Blade Whirl (30s)
  Active: Samira spins her blade over 0.75 seconds, destroying all hostile non- turret projectiles within the area for the...

Milio W: Cozy Campfire (29s)
  Active: Milio summons a fuemigo at the target location or upon the target allied champion for 6 seconds that follows the...

Renata W: Bailout (28s)
  Active: Renata infuses herself or the target allied champion with a chemtech formula for 5 seconds, granting the target ...

Vladimir W: Sanguine Pool (28s)
  Active: Vladimir sinks into a pool of blood, becoming untargetable and ghosted for 2 seconds. He also gains 37.5% bonus ...

Darius E: Apprehend (26s)
  Passive: Darius gains armor penetration.

Ezreal E: Arcane Shift (26s)
  Active: Ezreal blinks from his current location to up to 475 units towards the target location, then fires a homing bolt...

Graves W: Smoke Screen (26s)
  Active: Graves fires a smoke canister at the target location that upon impact deals magic damage to enemies within the a...

Morgana E: Black Shield (26s)
  Active: Morgana grants a shield to the target allied champion or herself for 5 seconds, which absorbs incoming magic dam...

Naafiri W: The Call of the Pack (26s)
  Active: Naafiri goes on the hunt for the next 5 seconds, becoming untargetable for the first 1 second and vanishing all ...

Nilah W: Jubilant Veil (26s)
  Active: Nilah envelops herself in mist for 2.25 seconds, during which she becomes ghosted, gains bonus movement speed, r...

Senna E: Curse of the Black Mist (26s)
  Active: Senna surrounds herself with an aura of mist and gains camouflage for a duration. If Senna breaks the camouflage...

Vex P: Doom 'n Gloom (25s)
  Passive - Doom: Periodically, Vex empowers her next basic ability to knock down and fear enemies hit for 0.75 / 1 / 1.25...

Yasuo W: Wind Wall (25s)
  Active: Yasuo raises a wall of wind that travels in the target direction over 0.6 seconds. It then drifts another 50 uni...

Cassiopeia W: Miasma (24s)
  Active: Cassiopeia spews forth 7 bolts of venom in an arc at the target location, creating toxic clouds at the area for ...

Fiora W: Riposte (24s)
  Active: Fiora enters a defensive stance for 0.75 seconds, during which she is unable to act, prevents all incoming non- ...

Gwen W: Hallowed Mist (24s)
  Active: Gwen summons the Hallowed Mist upon her current location, lasting for 4 seconds. Hallowed Mist can be recast aft...

Jinx E: Flame Chompers! (24s)
  Active: Jinx tosses out 3 Chompers centered at the target location, landing after 0.4 seconds, arming after 0.75 seconds...

Lissandra E: Glacial Path (24s)
  Active: Lissandra sends a claw of ice in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies it passes through, dece...

Sivir E: Spell Shield (24s)
  Active: Sivir gains a spell shield for 1.5 seconds. Upon successfully blocking a hostile effect, she heals herself and a...

Smolder E: Flap, Flap, Flap (24s)
  Active: Smolder takes flight for 1.25 seconds, becoming ghosted and gaining 75% bonus movement speed, unobstructed visio...

Aatrox P: Deathbringer Stance (22s)
  Innate: Periodically, Aatrox empowers his next basic attack to gain 50 bonus range and deal bonus magic damage equal to ...

AurelionSol W: Astral Flight (22s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol dashes in the target direction and resets Breath of Light's cooldown. During flight, he has unobstr...

Aurora W: Across the Veil (22s)
  Active: Aurora hops in the target direction inside a portal to the Spirit Realm. Upon completing the dash, she becomes i...

Azir E: Shifting Sands (22s)
  Active: Azir grants himself a shield for 1.5 seconds and dashes to the Sand Soldier closest to the cursor, dealing magic...

Bard E: Magical Journey (22s)
  Active: Bard opens a one-way magical corridor through a piece of terrain in the target direction for 10 seconds.

Diana E: Lunar Rush (22s)
  Active: Diana dashes to the target enemy's location, and upon completion, she deals them magic damage and consumes Moonl...

Ekko W: Parallel Convergence (22s)
  Passive: Ekko's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage equal to 3% (+ 3% per 100 AP) of the target's missing health again...

Gangplank W: Remove Scurvy (22s)
  Active: Gangplank consumes a large quantity of citrus fruit, cleansing himself from all crowd control and healing himsel...

Garen W: Courage (22s)
  Passive: Whenever Garen kills an enemy, he generates a stack of Courage, stacking up to 150 times.

Gnar E: Hop (22s)
  Active: Gnar leaps to the target location, then gains bonus attack speed for 6 seconds.

Kaisa W: Void Seeker (22s)
  Active: Kai'Sa fires a void bolt in the target direction that briefly grants sight around its trajectory as it travels, ...

Pantheon E: Aegis Assault (22s)
  Active: Pantheon braces his shield in the target direction and channels for 1.5 seconds, during which he becomes invulne...

Seraphine W: Surround Sound (22s)
  Active: Seraphine grants a shield to herself and nearby allied champions for 2.5 seconds. For the same duration, she als...

Skarner E: Ixtal's Impact (22s)
  Active: Skarner charges forward in the direction of the cursor for up to 2.75 seconds, during which he gains slow immuni...

Swain W: Vision of Empire (22s)
  Active: Swain summons a demonic eye at the target location that grants sight of the area for 2 seconds and explodes afte...

Tristana W: Rocket Jump (22s)
  Active: Tristana jumps to the target location. Upon landing, she deals magic damage to nearby enemies and slows them by ...

Yone E: Soul Unbound (22s)
  Active: Yone dashes a fixed distance in the target direction, including through terrain, discarding his body and enterin...

Zac E: Elastic Slingshot (22s)
  Active: Zac charges for up to 4.5 seconds to increase Elastic Slingshot's range over a cone in the target direction.

Zeri E: Spark Surge (22s)
  Active: Zeri dashes in the target direction. She will dash farther across terrain if Spark Surge was cast within 50 unit...

Kassadin E: Force Pulse (21s)
  Passive: Each time Kassadin or a nearby champion casts an ability, Force Pulse's current cooldown is reduced by 0.75 sec...

Kayn E: Shadow Step (21s)
  Active: Kayn gains 40% bonus total movement speed, ghosting and the ability to ignore terrain collision for a duration. ...

TahmKench W: Abyssal Dive (21s)
  Active: Tahm Kench channels for 1.35 seconds as he dives into the waters, then blinks to the target location after a 0.1...

Thresh W: Dark Passage (21s)
  Active: Thresh throws his lantern to the target location over 0.5 seconds, lasting for 6 seconds while he remains nearby...

Trundle E: Pillar of Ice (21s)
  Active: Trundle erects a pillar of ice at the target location for 6 seconds, which knocks back units hit to 225 units fr...

Aatrox W: Infernal Chains (20s)
  Active: Aatrox sends a chain in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit, doubled against ...

Akali W: Twilight Shroud (20s)
  Active: Akali restores 100 energy over 0.4 seconds and gains bonus movement speed that decays over 2 seconds. She also d...

Belveth E: Royal Maelstrom (20s)
  Active: Bel'Veth enters a defensive stance for 1.5 seconds, during which she is unable to move, but gains damage reducti...

Blitzcrank Q: Rocket Grab (20s)
  Active: Blitzcrank fires their right hand in the target direction that catches the first enemy hit, dealing them magic d...

Corki W: Valkyrie (20s)
  Active: Corki dashes to the target location and drops bombs that leave up to 3 blazing patches along his path, depending...

Gnar Q: Boomerang Throw (20s)
  Active: Gnar throws a boomerang in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies in its path and ...

Hecarim E: Devastating Charge (20s)
  Active: Hecarim becomes ghosted and gains 25% : 65% (based on time active) bonus total movement speed for 4 seconds.

Illaoi P: Prophet of an Elder God (20s)
  Innate: Periodically, Illaoi spawns a Tentacle on the nearest terrain perpendicular to her location, if no other Tentacl...

Irelia W: Defiant Dance (20s)
  Active: Irelia charges for up to 1.5 seconds, during which she increases Defiant Dance's damage over the first 0.75 seco...

Jayce E: Thundering Blow (20s)
  Active: Jayce roots the target enemy over the cast time, then swings his hammer at them to deal magic damage, capped aga...

Khazix E: Leap (20s)
  Active: Kha'Zix leaps to the target location, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies upon arrival.

MasterYi Q: Alpha Strike (20s)
  Active: Master Yi vanishes and becomes unable to act. After 0.231 seconds, he marks the target enemy and then proceeds t...

Nocturne W: Shroud of Darkness (20s)
  Passive: Nocturne gains bonus attack speed.

Poppy W: Steadfast Presence (20s)
  Passive - Stubborn to a Fault: Poppy increases her total armor and total magic resistance by 12%, doubled to 24% while s...

Rakan E: Battle Dance (20s)
  Active: Rakan grants a shield to the target allied champion for 3 seconds and then dashes to and around them. Battle Dan...

Samira E: Wild Rush (20s)
  Active: Samira dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy or enemy structure, dealing magic damage to ...

Soraka E: Equinox (20s)
  Active: Soraka creates a celestial zone at the target location that deals magic damage to enemy champions within at the ...

Tristana Q: Rapid Fire (20s)
  Active: Tristana empowers her cannon, gaining bonus attack speed for 7 seconds.

Vayne E: Condemn (20s)
  Active: Vayne fires a heavy bolt at the target enemy that deals physical damage and knocks them back 475 units, though n...

Veigar E: Event Horizon (20s)
  Active: Veigar forms a cage at the target location that erects after a 0.5 second delay, remaining there for 3 seconds. ...

MonkeyKing W: Warrior Trickster (20s)
  Active: Wukong enters invisibility for 1 second and dashes in the target direction, leaving behind a clone of himself at...

Xayah W: Deadly Plumage (20s)
  Active: Xayah enters a frenzy for 4 seconds, gaining bonus attack speed and empowering her basic attacks to fire an addi...

Yorick W: Dark Procession (20s)
  Active: Yorick summons a ring of spirits around the target location that arises after a 0.75-second delay, knocking asid...

Yuumi P: Feline Friendship (20s)
  Innate: Periodically, Yuumi's next basic attack, which has an uncancelable windup and gains 50 bonus range, ability hit ...

Zed W: Living Shadow (20s)
  Passive: Zed restores energy whenever he and his Shadows or multiple Shadows hit an ability on the same target. This may...

Ziggs W: Satchel Charge (20s)
  Active: Ziggs hurls a charge to the target location, remaining there for 4 seconds and granting sight of the area. Satch...

Sejuani Q: Arctic Assault (19s)
  Active: Bristle dashes to the target location until he collides with an enemy champion, dealing magic damage to enemies ...

Thresh Q: Death Sentence (19s)
  Active: Thresh throws out his scythe in the target direction, becoming unable to move or attack while it is in flight.

Akshan W: Going Rogue (18s)
  Passive: Akshan marks enemy champions that kill allied champions as Scoundrels for 60 seconds. If Akshan scores a takedo...

Akshan E: Heroic Swing (18s)
  Active: Akshan can activate Heroic Swing three times before the ability goes on cooldown, and can use the third cast onl...

Ambessa W: Repudiation (18s)
  Active: Ambessa braces herself for up to 0.5 seconds, during which in the first 0.225 seconds she is unable to act. Afte...

Ashe W: Volley (18s)
  Active: Ashe shoots a volley of arrows in a cone in the target direction, each dealing physical damage to the first enem...

Camille P: Adaptive Defenses (18s)
  Innate: Periodically, Camille's next basic attack on-hit against an enemy champion grants her a shield equal to 20% of h...

Draven E: Stand Aside (18s)
  Active: Draven throws a fan of axes in a line in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit, knocking ...

Galio W: Shield of Durand (18s)
  Passive: Galio gains Anti-Magic Bulwark, and restores it after 12 / 10 / 8 (based on level) seconds without taking damag...

Hwei W: Subject: Serenity (18s)
  Active: Hwei enters a serene mood, gaining access to its abilities as well as Wash Brush. He will exit the mood upon cas...

Kindred W: Wolf's Frenzy (18s)
  Passive: Lamb generates 1 stack of Hunter's Vigor for every 27 units she travels by any means and 5 stacks on-attack, up...

Lucian E: Relentless Pursuit (18s)
  Passive: Relentless Pursuit's current cooldown is reduced by 1 second for each Lightslinger shot hit, doubled to 2 secon...

Lulu W: Whimsy (18s)
  Active: Lulu can cast Whimsy on herself or a champion.

Maokai E: Sapling Toss (18s)
  Active: Maokai flings a Sapling to the target location, granting sight of the area.

MissFortune E: Make It Rain (18s)
  Active: Miss Fortune casts a storm of bullets at the target location for 2 seconds, granting sight of the area, dealing ...

Mordekaiser E: Death's Grasp (18s)
  Passive: Mordekaiser gains magic penetration.

Sett W: Haymaker (18s)
  Passive: Sett stores 100% of post-mitigation damage taken as Grit on his resource bar, up to a cap of 50% of his maximum...

Shen E: Shadow Dash (18s)
  Passive: Dealing damage with Twilight Assault or Shadow Dash restores 30 / 40 / 50 (based on level) energy.

Varus E: Hail of Arrows (18s)
  Active: Varus fires a hail of arrows at the target location that land after 0.5 seconds, dealing physical damage to enem...

Anivia W: Crystallize (17s)
  Active: Anivia summons a wall of ice at the target location perpendicular to her facing, knocking all units away from it...

Camille W: Tactical Sweep (17s)
  Active: Camille sweeps her leg in a cone in the target direction over 1.1 seconds, during which she is ghosted and unabl...

DrMundo W: Heart Zapper (17s)
  Active: Dr. Mundo charges up a defibrillator for up to 3 seconds, dealing magic damage every 0.25 seconds to nearby enem...

Jax E: Counter Strike (17s)
  Active: Jax enters Evasion for 2 seconds: a defensive stance that causes him to dodge all incoming non- turret basic att...

KogMaw W: Bio-Arcane Barrage (17s)
  Active: Kog'Maw empowers his basic attacks for the next 8 seconds to gain bonus attack range and deal bonus magic damage...

Singed W: Mega Adhesive (17s)
  Active: Singed spills a potent adhesive that lands at the target location after 0.375 seconds, creating a field for 3 se...

Syndra E: Scatter the Weak (17s)
  Active: Syndra propels a wave of force in a cone in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and knoc...

Viktor W: Gravity Field (17s)
  Active: Viktor deploys a gravity field at the target location for 4.5 seconds. After a 0.75-second delay, it activates t...

Akali E: Shuriken Flip (16s)
  Active: Akali flips backward and, after the cast time, throws a shuriken in the target direction that deals magic damage...

Braum E: Unbreakable (16s)
  Active: Braum sets his shield in the target direction for a duration, creating a barrier in front of him that intercepts...

Briar E: Chilling Scream (16s)
  Active: Briar prepares to unleash a scream in the target direction, charging for up to 1 second, during which she increa...

Caitlyn E: 90 Caliber Net (16s)
  Active: Caitlyn fires a net in the target direction and recoils 390 units in the opposite direction. The net deals magic...

Camille E: Hookshot (16s)
  Active: Camille fires a grapple in the target direction. If the grapple collides with terrain, Camille will dash toward ...

Fizz E: Playful (16s)
  Active: Fizz dashes to the target location while becoming untargetable, balancing on his trident for 0.75 seconds, durin...

Graves E: Quickdraw (16s)
  Active: Graves dashes to the target location, reloading one shell while generating a stack of True Grit for 4 seconds, s...

Illaoi E: Test of Spirit (16s)
  Active: Illaoi launches a tendril in the target direction that stops at the first enemy hit, pulling their Spirit out in...

Irelia E: Flawless Duet (16s)
  Active: Irelia sends a blade to the target location for 3.5 seconds. Flawless Duet can be recast after 0.15 seconds whil...

Janna E: Eye of the Storm (16s)
  Passive: Whenever Janna's abilities slow or knock up at least one enemy champion, 20% of Eye of the Storm's cooldown is ...

Jayce Q: To the Skies! (16s)
  Active: Jayce leaps to the target enemy's location over 0.5 seconds. Upon arrival, he smashes his hammer to the ground t...

Kaisa E: Supercharge (16s)
  Active: Kai'Sa charges up over the cast time, during which she is still able to move, becoming ghosted and gaining bonus...

Neeko W: Shapesplitter (16s)
  Passive: Neeko's basic attacks on-hit generate a stack of Shapesplitter, which refreshes on subsequent attacks and stack...

Olaf W: Tough It Out (16s)
  Active: Olaf gains bonus attack speed for 5 seconds.

Poppy P: Iron Ambassador (16s)
  Innate: Periodically, Poppy's next basic attack is empowered to throw her buckler, gaining 350 bonus range and dealing 2...

Renata Q: Handshake (16s)
  Active: Renata fires a hook in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and roots them for 1 ...

Renekton W: Ruthless Predator (16s)
  Active: Renekton empowers his next basic attack within 7 seconds to have a 0.2-second cast time, have 175 range and stri...

Renekton E: Slice (16s)
  Active: Renekton dashes a fixed distance in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes through.

Rengar W: Battle Roar (16s)
  Passive: Rengar stores 50% of the post-mitigation damage he has taken in the last 1.5 seconds as grey health on his heal...

Sett E: Facebreaker (16s)
  Active: Sett pulls in enemies at his front and back along the target direction, dealing physical damage and slowing them...

Shen W: Spirit's Refuge (16s)
  Active: Shen primes his Spirit Blade, creating an area around it. After 2 seconds, or when Shen or an allied champion en...

Taric E: Dazzle (16s)
  Active: Taric winds up over 1 second, granting ghosting to nearby units, then projects a beam of starlight in the target...

Tristana E: Explosive Charge (16s)
  Passive: Tristana's basic attacks are empowered to trigger an explosion when they kill the target, dealing magic damage ...

Trundle W: Frozen Domain (16s)
  Active: Trundle coats the target location in ice for 8 seconds. While he is within the area, he gains bonus attack speed...

Twitch Q: Ambush (16s)
  Active: After a 1-second delay, Twitch becomes camouflaged for a duration. Attacking or casting Venom Cask or Contaminat...

Urgot E: Disdain (16s)
  Active: Urgot grants himself a shield for 4 seconds.

Varus Q: Piercing Arrow (16s)
  Active: Varus charges while being slowed by 20% for up to 4 seconds to increase Piercing Arrow's range over the first 1....

Vex W: Personal Space (16s)
  Active: Vex emits a shockwave around her before the cast time, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies and granting herse...

Vi P: Blast Shield (16s)
  Innate: Periodically, Vi's next ability hit grants her a shield equal to 12% of her maximum health for 3 seconds.

Xerath P: Mana Surge (16s)
  Innate: Periodically, Xerath empowers his next basic attack to restore 30 : 195 (based on level) mana, doubled to 60 : 3...

Ziggs E: Hexplosive Minefield (16s)
  Active: Ziggs scatters a cluster of 11 proximity mines over the target location that grant sight of the area for 2 secon...

Zoe E: Sleepy Trouble Bubble (16s)
  Active: Zoe kicks a bubble in the target direction that bursts upon the first enemy hit, otherwise lingering at maximum ...

Aurora E: The Weirding (15s)
  Active: Aurora blasts energy in a line in the target direction and recoils 250 units in the opposite direction. The blas...

Blitzcrank W: Overdrive (15s)
  Active: Blitzcrank shifts into overdrive, gaining bonus attack speed for 5 seconds and bonus movement speed that decays ...

Diana W: Pale Cascade (15s)
  Active: Diana grants herself a shield for up to 5 seconds and creates three spheres that orbit her counterclockwise for ...

Evelynn W: Allure (15s)
  Active: Evelynn curses the target enemy champion or medium or large monster for 5 seconds.

Fiddlesticks Q: Terrify (15s)
  Passive: While Fiddlesticks has been out of combat for at least 2.5 seconds and is not visible to the enemy team, or is ...

Gangplank P: Trial by Fire (15s)
  Innate: Periodically, Gangplank empowers his next basic attack to set the target on fire, dealing them[ 50 : 250 (based ...

Karthus W: Wall of Pain (15s)
  Active: Karthus erects a wall of pain at the target location perpendicular to his facing that lasts 5 seconds, granting ...

Katarina W: Preparation (15s)
  Active: Katarina tosses a Dagger into the air above her current location and gains bonus movement speed that decays unti...

Kayle W: Celestial Blessing (15s)
  Active: Kayle and the target allied champion are healed and gain bonus movement speed for 2 seconds.

Leblanc W: Distortion (15s)
  Active: LeBlanc dashes to the target location, dealing magic damage to all nearby enemies upon arrival and leaving a ret...

Nasus W: Wither (15s)
  Active: Nasus ages the target enemy champion for 5 seconds, slowing them by 35% and crippling them by[ 75% of that amoun...

Nocturne E: Unspeakable Horror (15s)
  Passive: Nocturne gains 90% bonus movement speed while facing nearby feared targets.

Pyke E: Phantom Undertow (15s)
  Active: Pyke dashes in the target direction, leaving behind a Phantom. Pyke is ghosted while the Phantom is active.

Senna Q: Piercing Darkness (15s)
  Active: Senna fires a spectral laser in the direction of the target unit, healing herself and allied champions hit, and ...

Shaco W: Jack in the Box (15s)
  Active: Shaco summons a box at the target location that becomes stealthed after arming over 2 seconds, lasting for up to...

Sion W: Soul Furnace (15s)
  Passive: Sion gains 4 bonus health whenever he kills an enemy, increased to 15 for large enemies and takedowns against e...

Taric W: Bastion (15s)
  Passive: Taric gains bonus armor and forms a tether between him and the ally bound by Bastion. While the tether persists...

Warwick E: Primal Howl (15s)
  Active: Warwick gains damage reduction for up to 2.5 seconds. Primal Howl can be recast after 1 second, and does so auto...

Zilean E: Time Warp (15s)
  Active: Zilean applies Time Warp to the target champion which lasts for 2.5 seconds.

Aatrox Q: The Darkin Blade (14s)
  Aatrox can activate The Darkin Blade three times before the ability goes on cooldown, with a 1-second static cooldown be...

Alistar Q: Pulverize (14s)
  Active: Alistar smashes the ground beneath him, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies and stunning and knocking them up...

Alistar W: Headbutt (14s)
  Active: Alistar dashes to the target enemy's location. If they are within 400 units upon arrival, he deals them magic da...

Ambessa Q: Cunning Sweep (14s)
  Active: Ambessa enters a 0.225-second lockout, at the end of which she slashes with her twin drakehounds in a cone in th...

Azir Q: Conquering Sands (14s)
  Active: Azir orders all Sand Soldiers to dash toward the target location, dealing magic damage to all enemies they pass ...

Briar W: Blood Frenzy (14s)
  Active: Briar dashes in the target direction. If there is a nearby enemy upon her arrival, she gains Blood Frenzy for 5 ...

Gragas E: Body Slam (14s)
  Active: Gragas charges in the target direction and stops upon colliding with an enemy, dealing magic damage to all nearb...

Hecarim W: Spirit of Dread (14s)
  Active: Hecarim surrounds himself with the Spirit of Dread for 4 seconds, dealing magic damage every second to nearby en...

Ivern Q: Rootcaller (14s)
  Active: Ivern throws a vine in the target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy hit and rooting them for a ...

Janna Q: Howling Gale (14s)
  Active: Janna summons a whirlwind at her current location that charges up over 3 seconds, increasing its range, speed, d...

KSante W: Path Maker (14s)
  Active: K'Sante raises his ntofos defensively and prepares to dash in the target direction, charging for a minimum of 0....

Kindred E: Mounting Dread (14s)
  Active: Lamb fires a shot at the target enemy that slows them by 30% (+ 5% per 100 AP) for 1 second and marks them for 4...

Leblanc E: Ethereal Chains (14s)
  Active: LeBlanc flings an illusory chain in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy it hits and ...

Leona W: Eclipse (14s)
  Active: Leona raises her guard for 3 seconds, gaining flat damage reduction of up to 50% of the damage instance and bonu...

Lillia W: Watch Out! Eep! (14s)
  Active: Lillia dashes to 150 units in front of the target location over 0.759 seconds, though not through terrain, and d...

Lucian W: Ardent Blaze (14s)
  Active: Lucian fires a missile in the target direction that explodes in a cross pattern upon hitting an enemy or reachin...

Lux W: Prismatic Barrier (14s)
  Active: Lux throws her wand in the target direction that homes back to her after reaching maximum range. Allied champion...

Maokai W: Twisted Advance (14s)
  Active: Maokai dashes to the target enemy while being untargetable. Upon arrival, he deals magic damage and roots them f...

MasterYi E: Wuju Style (14s)
  Active: Master Yi empowers his basic attacks within the next 5 seconds to deal bonus true damage on-hit.

Nautilus Q: Dredge Line (14s)
  Active: Nautilus hurls his anchor in the target direction that stops on the first enemy or terrain hit.

Nunu W: Biggest Snowball Ever! (14s)
  Active: Willump cleanses himself from all slows and channels for up to 10 seconds, becoming ghosted and slow-immune and ...

Nunu E: Snowball Barrage (14s)
  Active: Nunu throws a volley of 3 snowballs in the target direction over 0.4 seconds that each shatter upon hitting an e...

Ornn E: Searing Charge (14s)
  Active: Ornn charges in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes through and stopping upon col...

Poppy E: Heroic Charge (14s)
  Active: Poppy dashes to the target enemy's location. If they are in range upon arrival, she deals physical damage and ca...

Pyke W: Ghostwater Dive (14s)
  Active: Pyke submerges into water for 5 seconds, entering camouflage and gaining 45% (+ 2% per 1 Lethality) bonus moveme...

Rakan W: Grand Entrance (14s)
  Active: Rakan dashes to the target location. After a 0.35-second delay upon arrival, he deals magic damage to nearby ene...

Rell E: Full Tilt (14s)
  Active: Rell powers up herself and the target allied champion for 3 seconds, both gaining 10% bonus movement speed which...

Renata E: Loyalty Program (14s)
  Active: Renata sends out chemtech rockets from either side of her that instantly strike targets around her. After 0.429 ...

Smolder W: Achooo! (14s)
  Active: Smolder sneezes a fiery glob in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and slows them by...

Sona E: Song of Celerity (14s)
  Active: Sona gains 20% (+ 2% per 100 AP) bonus movement speed for 7 seconds. If she takes damage during this time, the d...

Taliyah W: Seismic Shove (14s)
  Active: Taliyah marks the target location and selects a direction. After 0.792 seconds, a ledge erupts from the area tha...

Taliyah E: Unraveled Earth (14s)
  Active: Taliyah scatters a field of 22 stones across the ground in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemi...

Teemo W: Move Quick (14s)
  Passive: Teemo gains bonus movement speed after 5 seconds without taking damage from enemy champions or turrets.

Tryndamere W: Mocking Shout (14s)
  Active: Tryndamere reduces the bonus attack damage of nearby enemy champions for 4 seconds.

Velkoz E: Tectonic Disruption (14s)
  Active: Vel'Koz hurls a disruptive anomaly that lands to the target location after 0.25 : 0.55 (based on cast distance) ...

Viego E: Harrowed Path (14s)
  Active: Viego sends a spectre in the target direction that creates a trail of mist in its wake which lasts 8 seconds. If...

Volibear Q: Thundering Smash (14s)
  Active: Volibear drops on all fours, becoming ghosted and gaining bonus movement speed for 4 seconds, doubled while faci...

Volibear E: Sky Splitter (14s)
  Active: Volibear summons a lightning bolt to strike at the target location after a 2-second delay, granting sight of the...

Xerath W: Eye of Destruction (14s)
  Active: Xerath casts down a blast of arcane energy that strikes the target location after 0.528 seconds, briefly grantin...

Yone W: Spirit Cleave (14s)
  Active: Yone cleaves with his Azakana Sword in a cone in the target direction, dealing equal parts physical and magic da...

Zac Q: Stretching Strikes (14s)
  Active: Zac stretches his left arm in the target direction that catches the first enemy hit, dealing magic damage, slowi...

Zilean W: Rewind (14s)
  Active: Zilean reduces the remaining cooldowns of Time Bomb and Time Warp by 10 seconds each.

Zyra P: Garden of Thorns (13.6s)
  Innate: Periodically, Zyra spawns one or two Seeds nearby that last for 30 seconds, granting sight over the surrounding ...

Ambessa E: Lacerate (13s)
  Active: Ambessa enters a 0.225-second lockout and spins her twin drakehounds around her to deal physical damage to nearb...

Brand E: Conflagration (13s)
  Active: Brand sets the target enemy aflame, which creates a blast that deals magic damage to them and causes the flame t...

Briar Q: Head Rush (13s)
  Active: Briar leaps to the target unit. If the target is an enemy, she deals magic damage, applies on-hit effects, trigg...

Fiora Q: Lunge (13s)
  Active: Fiora dashes in the target direction, then stabs a nearby enemy. Lunge can hit structures and wards. Stabbing a ...

Graves Q: End of the Line (13s)
  Active: Graves fires a round in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies it passes through and leaves ...

Hwei E: Subject: Torment (13s)
  Active: Hwei enters a tumultuous mood, gaining access to its abilities as well as Wash Brush. He will exit the mood upon...

Kayn W: Blade's Reach (13s)
  Active: Kayn swings his scythe in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit and slowing them by 90% d...

Kennen W: Electrical Surge (13s)
  Passive: Kennen's basic attacks on-attack generate a stack of Electrical Surge, stacking up to 4 times. At 4 stacks, his...

Kled W: Violent Tendencies (13s)
  Passive: Kled periodically gains Violent Tendencies, which starts expiring upon his next basic attack.

Kled E: Jousting (13s)
  Active: Skaarl dashes in the target direction, though not through terrain, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes ...

Nidalee W: Bushwhack (13s)
  Active: Nidalee lays a trap at the target location that becomes stealthed after arming over 1.5 seconds, lasting for up ...

Nocturne P: Umbra Blades (13s)
  Innate: Periodically, Nocturne empowers his next basic attack to slash in a circle, dealing 120% AD physical damage to t...

Pantheon W: Shield Vault (13s)
  Active: Pantheon leaps to the front of the target enemy's location. If the target is within 800 units upon arrival, he d...

Riven Q: Broken Wings (13s)
  Active: Riven can activate Broken Wings three times before the ability goes on cooldown, with a 0.3125-second static coo...

Skarner Q: Shattered Earth (13s)
  Active: Skarner rips a boulder from the ground, empowering up to three of his next basic attacks within 5 seconds of eac...

Sylas E: Abscond (13s)
  Active: Sylas dashes to the target location. Within 3.5 seconds, he can cast Abduct after a 0.2-second delay from castin...

Thresh E: Flay (13s)
  Passive: Thresh's basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus magic damage, with the AD ratio increasing over 10 seconds w...

Twitch W: Venom Cask (13s)
  Active: Twitch hurls a cask of venom that explodes at the target location, applying Deadly Venom to enemies hit and gran...

Vex E: Looming Darkness (13s)
  Active: Vex tosses her Shadow to explode at the target location, dealing magic damage to enemies hit and slowing them fo...

Vladimir E: Tides of Blood (13s)
  Active: Vladimir charges for up to 1.5 seconds, during which he increases Tides of Blood's damage over the first second ...

Xerath E: Shocking Orb (13s)
  Active: Xerath fires an orb of energy in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and stuns t...

Ahri E: Charm (12s)
  Active: Ahri blows forth a kiss in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, knocking them do...

Alistar E: Trample (12s)
  Active: Alistar tramples the ground around him every 0.5 seconds over 5 seconds, becoming ghosted and dealing magic dama...

Anivia Q: Flash Frost (12s)
  Active: Anivia launches a chunk of ice in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and slows them by ...

Annie E: Molten Shield (12s)
  Active: Annie grants herself or the target allied champion and Tibbers a shield for 3 seconds and 20% : 50% (based on le...

AurelionSol E: Singularity (12s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol conjures a black hole at the target location after a 0.5-second delay that lasts for 5 seconds, gra...

Belveth W: Above and Below (12s)
  Active: Bel'Veth slams her tail down in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit, knocks them up for ...

Braum W: Stand Behind Me (12s)
  Active: Braum dashes to put himself between the target ally and the closest visible enemy champion within 1500 units, an...

Corki E: Gatling Gun (12s)
  Active: Corki sprays bullets in a cone toward his facing direction for 4 seconds, dealing physical damage every 0.25 sec...

Draven Q: Spinning Axe (12s)
  Active: Draven starts spinning his axe, empowering his next basic attack within 5.8 seconds to deal bonus physical damag...

Draven W: Blood Rush (12s)
  Active: Draven enters an adrenaline rush, gaining bonus attack speed for 3 seconds as well as decaying bonus movement sp...

Elise W: Volatile Spiderling (12s)
  Active: Elise summons an untargetable venom-gorged spider that lasts for 3 seconds. The spider searches for nearby targe...

Elise E: Cocoon (12s)
  Active: Elise fires a web in the target direction, stunning the first enemy hit for a few seconds, during which they are...

Gragas P: Happy Hour (12s)
  Innate: Periodically, after casting an ability, Gragas heals himself for 5.5% of his maximum health.

Gwen E: Skip 'n Slash (12s)
  Active: Gwen dashes to the target location, then empowers her basic attacks within the next 4 seconds to deal bonus magi...

JarvanIV E: Demacian Standard (12s)
  Passive: Jarvan IV gains bonus attack speed.

Jhin W: Deadly Flourish (12s)
  Passive: Enemy champions that trigger a Lotus Trap to bloom or are damaged by Jhin or allied champions are marked for 4 ...

Karma W: Focused Resolve (12s)
  Active: Karma deals magic damage to the target enemy champion, monster or pet and forms a tether between her and them fo...

Katarina E: Shunpo (12s)
  Active: Katarina blinks to a target location near the unit or Dagger closest to the cursor, dealing magic damage to the ...

Kayle Q: Radiant Blast (12s)
  Active: Kayle conjures a portal in front of her that faces the target direction, from which a celestial sword launches f...

KogMaw E: Void Ooze (12s)
  Active: Kog'Maw spews a gob of ooze in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit.

LeeSin W: Safeguard (12s)
  Active: Lee Sin dashes to the target allied unit's location. If the ally is a champion upon arrival, both they and Lee S...

Leona E: Zenith Blade (12s)
  Active: Leona projects her sword in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit.

Lillia E: Swirlseed (12s)
  Active: Lillia lobs a seed at the target location that rolls forward indefinitely. The seed detonates upon hitting an en...

Mel E: Solar Snare (12s)
  Active: Mel fires an orb in the target direction that grants sight of its surroundings for 0.25 seconds as it travels. E...

MissFortune W: Strut (12s)
  Passive: Miss Fortune gains bonus movement speed after 4 seconds without taking non- persistent damage. This bonus is in...

Mordekaiser W: Indestructible (12s)
  Passive: Mordekaiser stores 45% of the post-mitigation damage he deals and 7.5% of the pre-mitigation damage he takes,[ ...

Morgana W: Tormented Shadow (12s)
  Passive: Tormented Shadow's current cooldown is reduced by 5% of its total cooldown whenever Soul Siphon triggers. Simul...

Nami Q: Aqua Prison (12s)
  Active: Nami launches a bubble at the target location that lands after 0.726 seconds, dealing magic damage to enemies hi...

Nasus E: Spirit Fire (12s)
  Active: Nasus unleashes a spirit fire at the target location, granting sight of the area for 2.5 seconds and, after a 0....

Nautilus W: Titan's Wrath (12s)
  Active: Nautilus grants himself a shield for 6 seconds, and while it holds, his basic attacks are empowered to apply Pai...

Neeko E: Tangle-Barbs (12s)
  Active: Neeko slings a magical spiral in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and roots them for ...

Nidalee E: Primal Surge (12s)
  Active: Nidalee revitalizes herself or the target allied champion, granting the target bonus attack speed for 7 seconds ...

Nunu Q: Consume (12s)
  Active: Willump takes a bite out of the target enemy, dealing damage and healing himself. The heal is increased by 50% w...

Ornn W: Bellows Breath (12s)
  Active: Ornn marches forward in the target direction over 0.75 seconds, gaining displacement immunity and becoming unabl...

Quinn E: Vault (12s)
  Active: Quinn dashes to the target enemy, marking them as Vulnerable, dealing physical damage, knocking them back a very...

Rammus Q: Powerball (12s)
  Active: Rammus channels for up to 6 seconds to roll into a ball, gaining 25% : 39.17% (based on level) bonus total movem...

Rammus E: Frenzying Taunt (12s)
  Active: Rammus taunts the target enemy champion or monster for a duration. Monsters are additionally dealt magic damage ...

Shaco Q: Deceive (12s)
  Active: Shaco becomes invisible for a duration, and after a 0.125-second delay, he blinks to the target location.

Shyvana W: Burnout (12s)
  Active: Shyvana surrounds herself in flames for 3 seconds, gaining decaying bonus movement speed and dealing magic damag...

Shyvana E: Flame Breath (12s)
  Active: Shyvana unleashes a fireball in the target direction that stops upon hitting an enemy champion, dealing magic da...

Sion E: Roar of the Slayer (12s)
  Active: Sion bellows a shockwave in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, slows them for ...

Sivir W: Ricochet (12s)
  Active: Sivir empowers her crossblade for the next 4 seconds, gaining bonus attack speed and causing her basic attacks t...

Swain E: Nevermove (12s)
  Active: Swain launches a demonic wave in the target direction.

Sylas W: Kingslayer (12s)
  Active: Sylas dashes to the front of the target enemy's location then strikes them to deal magic damage.

Syndra W: Force of Will (12s)
  Active: Syndra grabs the nearest Dark Sphere, enemy minion or non-epic monster within 500 units from the target location...

Tryndamere Q: Bloodlust (12s)
  Passive: Tryndamere gains bonus attack damage, plus an additional amount based on his missing health.

Tryndamere E: Spinning Slash (12s)
  Active: Tryndamere dashes to the target location, dealing physical damage to enemies hit and generating 2 Fury per enemy...

Twitch E: Contaminate (12s)
  Active: Twitch sends out a lethal toxin to each nearby enemy afflicted by Deadly Venom, dealing them physical damage.

Urgot W: Purge (12s)
  Passive: Urgot's other abilities mark enemy champions hit for 5 seconds. Only one enemy can be marked at a time. Additio...

Vi Q: Vault Breaker (12s)
  Active: Vi charges while being slowed by 15% for up to 4 seconds to increase Vault Breaker's range, speed, and damage ov...

Viktor E: Hextech Ray (12s)
  Active: Viktor fires an energy beam along the target path that deals magic damage to enemies hit and briefly grants sigh...

Xayah E: Bladecaller (12s)
  Active: Xayah recalls all planted Feathers to shoot back to her, each dealing physical damage to enemies hit, increased ...

XinZhao W: Wind Becomes Lightning (12s)
  Active: Xin Zhao slashes in an arc and, after the cast time, thrusts his spear in a line in the target direction. Each s...

Yorick E: Mourning Mist (12s)
  Active: Yorick hurls a globule of Black Mist that splashes across an area at the target location, dealing magic damage t...

Zeri W: Ultrashock Laser (12s)
  Active: Zeri fires an electric pulse in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit and slows...

Ziggs P: Short Fuse (12s)
  Innate: Periodically, Ziggs empowers his next basic attack to deal 20 : 160 (based on level) (+ 50% AP) bonus magic dama...

Zyra E: Grasping Roots (12s)
  Active: Zyra shoots a surge of vines in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and roots them for a...

Bard Q: Cosmic Binding (11s)
  Active: Bard fires an energy bolt in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and slows them ...

Chogath W: Feral Scream (11s)
  Active: Cho'Gath roars in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies hit.

Fiora E: Bladework (11s)
  Active: Fiora empowers her next two basic attacks on-attack within 4 seconds to gain 25 bonus range and bonus attack spe...

Galio Q: Winds of War (11s)
  Active: Galio creates two windblasts 250 units to either side of him that arc out before converging to the target locati...

Galio E: Justice Punch (11s)
  Active: Galio steps backwards in the opposite direction over the cast time, then dashes to the target location until he ...

Heimerdinger W: Hextech Micro-Rockets (11s)
  Active: Heimerdinger launches a wave of 5 rockets that converge upon the target location and fan beyond it up to a maxim...

Heimerdinger E: CH-2 Electron Storm Grenade (11s)
  Active: Heimerdinger hurls a grenade at the target location that detonates upon impact, dealing magic damage to nearby e...

Ivern E: Triggerseed (11s)
  Active: Ivern places a seed on the target allied champion, Daisy, or himself, granting the target a shield for 2 seconds...

Katarina Q: Bouncing Blade (11s)
  Active: Katarina throws a Dagger at the target enemy that deals magic damage and can bounce to up to two additional visi...

Kled Q: Bear Trap on a Rope (11s)
  Active: Kled throws a bear trap in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, increased to 150% aga...

Lux Q: Light Binding (11s)
  Active: Lux shoots a sphere of light in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first two enemies hit and ro...

Malzahar E: Malefic Visions (11s)
  Active: Malzahar infects the target enemy's mind, dealing magic damage every 0.25 seconds over 4 seconds, which refreshe...

Naafiri E: Eviscerate (11s)
  Active: Naafiri dashes in the target direction and deals physical damage to enemies she passes through. Upon arrival, sh...

Nami E: Tidecaller's Blessing (11s)
  Active: Nami blesses herself or an allied champion for 6 seconds, empowering their next 3 basic attacks or abilities to ...

Olaf E: Reckless Swing (11s)
  Active: Olaf strikes thunder onto the target enemy, dealing true damage.

Pantheon Q: Comet Spear (11s)
  Active: Pantheon charges while being slowed by 10% for up to 4 seconds to increase Comet Spear's range after 0.35 second...

Qiyana E: Audacity (11s)
  Active: Qiyana dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy. If they are in range upon arrival, she deal...

Quinn Q: Blinding Assault (11s)
  Active: Quinn sends Valor in the target direction who stops upon hitting an enemy, marking them as Vulnerable and dealin...

Rakan Q: Gleaming Quill (11s)
  Active: Rakan slings an enchanted feather in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit.

Rell Q: Shattering Strike (11s)
  Active: Rell thrusts her lance in the target direction, lunging forward 100 units and destroying the damage-mitigating s...

Riven W: Ki Burst (11s)
  Active: Riven emits a flash of runic energy from the start of the cast time, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies a...

Ryze W: Rune Prison (11s)
  Active: Ryze seizes the target enemy, dealing magic damage and slowing them by 50% for 1.5 seconds.

Senna W: Last Embrace (11s)
  Active: Senna throws a globule of Black Mist in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit a...

Seraphine E: Beat Drop (11s)
  Active: Seraphine fires a heavy soundwave in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit, reduced to 70%...

Shen P: Ki Barrier (11s)
  Innate: After completing an ability's effects, Shen grants himself a shield for 47 : 120 (based on level) (+ 13% bonus h...

XinZhao E: Audacious Charge (11s)
  Active: Xin Zhao dashes to the target enemy's location, dealing magic damage to enemies near them and slowing them by 30...

Zoe R: Portal Jump (11s)
  Active: After a 0.15-second delay, Zoe blinks in the target direction and remains there for 0.95 seconds to 1.25 seconds...

Ahri W: Fox-Fire (10s)
  Active: Ahri gains 40% bonus movement speed that decays over 2 seconds and conjures three flames which orbit her clockwi...

Brand W: Pillar of Flame (10s)
  Active: After a 0.627 seconds delay, Brand erupts a pillar of flame at the target location that deals magic damage to en...

Caitlyn Q: Piltover Peacemaker (10s)
  Active: Caitlyn fires a piercing shot in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy it passes th...

Fiddlesticks W: Bountiful Harvest (10s)
  Active: Fiddlesticks forms a tether between itself and each nearby enemy over the cast time, then channels for up to 2 s...

Fiddlesticks E: Reap (10s)
  Active: Fiddlesticks slashes the target location with its scythe, dealing magic damage to enemies within the area and sl...

Gragas Q: Barrel Roll (10s)
  Active: Gragas rolls a cask to the target location, remaining there for 4 seconds and granting sight of the area. Upon a...

Hwei Q: Subject: Disaster (10s)
  Active: Hwei enters a disastrous mood, gaining access to its abilities as well as Wash Brush. He will exit the mood upon...

Illaoi Q: Tentacle Smash (10s)
  Passive: Tentacle damage is increased.

Irelia Q: Bladesurge (10s)
  Active: Irelia dashes 100 units through the target enemy's location, and upon collision or dash completion, she deals ph...

JarvanIV Q: Dragon Strike (10s)
  Active: Jarvan IV extends his lance in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit and inflicting them ...

Jayce W: Lightning Field (10s)
  Passive: Jayce's basic attacks restore mana on-hit.

KSante E: Footwork (10s)
  Active: K'Sante dashes to the target location, though not through terrain, and grants himself a shield for 2 seconds.

Kaisa Q: Icathian Rain (10s)
  Active: Kai'Sa releases a swarm of 6 missiles that evenly distributes among nearby visible enemies, each one hitting the...

Kalista E: Rend (10s)
  Passive: Kalista's basic attacks on-hit and Pierce apply a stack of Rend to enemies for 4 seconds, refreshing on subsequ...

Karma E: Inspire (10s)
  Active: Karma grants a shield to herself or the target allied champion for 2.5 seconds as well as 40% bonus movement spe...

Kassadin Q: Null Sphere (10s)
  Active: Kassadin fires an orb of void energy at the target enemy that deals magic damage and disrupts their ongoing chan...

Kennen E: Lightning Rush (10s)
  Active: Kennen turns into lightning for 2 seconds, becoming unable to declare basic attacks but gaining ghosting and 100...

LeeSin Q: Sonic Wave (10s)
  Active: Lee Sin fires a sonic blast in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit and marks ...

Lissandra W: Ring of Frost (10s)
  Active: Lissandra freezes nearby enemies, dealing magic damage and rooting them for a duration.

Lux E: Lucent Singularity (10s)
  Active: Lux sends a lucent singularity to the target location, remaining there for 5 seconds to grant sight of the area ...

Malphite W: Thunderclap (10s)
  Passive: Malphite gains bonus armor, tripled while Granite Shield is active.

MasterYi W: Meditate (10s)
  Active: Master Yi channels for up to 4 seconds, healing himself every 0.5 seconds, increased by 0% : 100% (based on miss...

Mel Q: Radiant Volley (10s)
  Active: Mel launches a barrage of luminous bolts at the target location over 0.7 seconds which distribute evenly in the ...

Milio Q: Ultra Mega Fire Kick (10s)
  Active: After a 0.25-second delay, Milio kicks a fireball in the target direction that grants sight of its path and knoc...

Morgana Q: Dark Binding (10s)
  Active: Morgana throws a sphere of dark magic in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and...

Nami W: Ebb and Flow (10s)
  Active: Nami unleashes a stream of water onto the target champion or herself, which then bounces to nearby unaffected ch...

Pyke Q: Bone Skewer (10s)
  Active: Pyke charges while being slowed by 20% for up to 3 seconds to increase Bone Skewer's range over the first second...

Rell W: Ferromancy: Crash Down (10s)
  Passive - Mounted Alacrity: While Rell is Mounted, she gains bonus movement speed.

Rengar E: Bola Strike (10s)
  Active: Rengar throws a bola in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit and slows them fo...

Riven E: Valor (10s)
  Active: Riven dashes in the target direction, though not through terrain, while granting herself a shield for 1.5 second...

Rumble Q: Flamespitter (10s)
  Active: Rumble generates 20 Heat to activate his flamethrower for 3 seconds, dealing magic damage every 0.25 seconds to ...

Singed E: Fling (10s)
  Active: Singed flings the target enemy 550 units over himself over 0.693 seconds, dealing magic damage. The damage based...

Sion Q: Decimating Smash (10s)
  Active: Sion prepares a strike in the target direction, charging for up to 2 seconds to increase Decimating Smash's rang...

Sivir Q: Boomerang Blade (10s)
  Active: Sivir hurls her crossblade in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies within its path, increase...

Skarner W: Seismic Bastion (10s)
  Active: Skarner slams his claws into the ground, shielding himself equal to 8% of his maximum health for 2.5 seconds and...

Sona W: Aria of Perseverance (10s)
  Active: Sona heals herself and sends out a tone to heal the most wounded allied champion nearby.

Sylas Q: Chain Lash (10s)
  Active: Sylas lashes out two chains that converge to the target location and extend beyond it up to a maximum range, dea...

Urgot Q: Corrosive Charge (10s)
  Active: Urgot launches a canister at the target location. Upon landing, it explodes after 0.3 seconds to deal physical d...

MonkeyKing E: Nimbus Strike (10s)
  Active: Wukong dashes to the target enemy's location and sends out untargetable clones to strike up to two additional en...

Xayah Q: Double Daggers (10s)
  Active: Xayah barrages two Feathers in the target direction that each deal physical damage to enemies hit.

Yunara W: Arc of Judgment (10s)
  Active: Yunara launches a spinning prayer bead in the target direction that briefly grants sight of its surroundings as ...

Yuumi W: You and Me! (10s)
  Passive: While Yuumi is attached, she is untargetable (except by turrets and inbound projectiles) and casts her abilitie...

Yuumi E: Zoomies (10s)
  Active: Yuumi grants herself a shield and gains bonus attack speed for 3 seconds. She also gains 20% bonus movement spee...

Zilean Q: Time Bomb (10s)
  Active: Zilean throws a ticking time bomb to the target location that grants sight of its surroundings. The bomb will at...

Aatrox E: Umbral Dash (9s)
  Passive: Aatrox heals for 16% (+ 1.1% per 100 bonus health) of non- persistent post-mitigation damage he deals against e...

Amumu E: Tantrum (9s)
  Passive: Amumu reduces every instance of pre-mitigation physical damage taken, capped at 50% of the damage instance.

Aurora Q: Twofold Hex (9s)
  Active: Aurora fires a bolt of energy in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and marks them with...

Blitzcrank E: Power Fist (9s)
  Active: Blitzcrank empowers their next basic attack within 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, deal 100% AD (+ 25...

Camille Q: Precision Protocol (9s)
  Active: Camille empowers her next basic attack within 4 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range, de...

Corki Q: Phosphorus Bomb (9s)
  Active: Corki launches a bomb at the target location that explodes upon impact, dealing magic damage to enemies hit.

Darius Q: Decimate (9s)
  Active: Darius becomes ghosted for 1 second and hefts his axe for 0.75 seconds, afterward swinging it around himself to ...

DrMundo E: Blunt Force Trauma (9s)
  Passive: Dr. Mundo gains bonus attack damage.

Ekko Q: Timewinder (9s)
  Active: Ekko throws a temporal grenade in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit.

Ekko E: Phase Dive (9s)
  Active: Ekko dashes in the target direction, then empowers his next basic attack within 3 seconds to have a 0.25-second ...

Garen E: Judgment (9s)
  Active: Garen rapidly spins his sword around himself 7 (+ 1 per 25% bonus attack speed) times over 3 seconds, becoming u...

JarvanIV W: Golden Aegis (9s)
  Active: Jarvan IV slows all nearby enemies for 2 seconds.

Kalista Q: Pierce (9s)
  Active: Kalista launches a spear in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit.

Karma Q: Inner Flame (9s)
  Active: Karma fires a bolt in the target direction that explodes on the first enemy hit, dealing magic damage to nearby ...

Khazix W: Void Spike (9s)
  Active: Kha'Zix fires a bolt of spikes in the target direction that explodes upon hitting an enemy, dealing physical dam...

Kindred Q: Dance of Arrows (9s)
  Active: Lamb dashes toward the target location, gaining 35% (+ 5% per mark) bonus attack speed for 4 seconds and firing ...

Lucian Q: Piercing Light (9s)
  Active: Lucian fires a laser in a line in the direction of the target enemy that deals physical damage to enemies hit.

Naafiri Q: Darkin Daggers (9s)
  Active: Naafiri hurls a dagger in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and inflicts them with ...

Neeko Q: Blooming Burst (9s)
  Active: Neeko tosses a seed that blooms at the target location, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies.

Olaf Q: Undertow (9s)
  Active: Olaf throws an axe to the target location that deals physical damage to enemies it passes through and slows them...

Orianna E: Command: Protect (9s)
  Passive: The Ball grants bonus armor and bonus magic resistance to the unit it is attached to.

Ornn Q: Volcanic Rupture (9s)
  Active: Ornn sends a fissure in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and slows them by 40% for...

Sejuani W: Winter's Wrath (9s)
  Active: After 0.25 seconds into the cast time, Sejuani swings her flail in a cone in the target direction that deals phy...

Sett Q: Knuckle Down (9s)
  Active: Sett empowers his next two basic attacks within 5 seconds to gain 50 bonus range and deal bonus physical damage,...

Talon W: Rake (9s)
  Active: Talon throws a fan of daggers in a cone in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit.

Viktor Q: Siphon Power (9s)
  Active: Viktor throws a draining device at the target enemy that deals magic damage. He also grants himself a shield for...

Vladimir Q: Transfusion (9s)
  Active: Vladimir drains blood from the target enemy, dealing magic damage and healing himself. He then generates 1 point...

Xerath Q: Arcanopulse (9s)
  Active: Xerath charges while being slowed by 0% : 40% (based on channel time) for up to 3 seconds to increase Arcanopuls...

Zoe Q: Paddle Star! (8.5s)
  Active: Zoe shoots a star in the target direction that explodes upon hitting an enemy, dealing magic damage to nearby en...

Akshan Q: Avengerang (8s)
  Active: Akshan throws a boomerang in the target direction that briefly grants sight around its trajectory and deals phys...

Brand Q: Sear (8s)
  Active: Brand launches a fireball in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit.

Braum Q: Winter's Bite (8s)
  Active: Braum propels ice from his shield in the target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy hit and slowi...

Chogath E: Vorpal Spikes (8s)
  Active: Cho'Gath empowers its next 3 basic attacks within 6 seconds to gain 50 bonus range and launch a blast of spikes ...

Diana Q: Crescent Strike (8s)
  Active: Diana unleashes a bolt of lunar energy that travels in a counter-clockwise arc before exploding at the target lo...

Evelynn E: Whiplash (8s)
  Active: Evelynn whips the target enemy with her lashers, dealing magic damage and applying on-hit effects.

Ezreal W: Essence Flux (8s)
  Active: Ezreal fires an orb in the target direction that marks the first enemy champion, epic monster, or structure hit ...

Fizz Q: Urchin Strike (8s)
  Active: Fizz dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy. If they are in range upon arrival, he deals m...

Garen Q: Decisive Strike (8s)
  Active: Garen cleanses himself of all slows and gains 35% bonus movement speed for a duration.

Janna W: Zephyr (8s)
  Passive: Janna is ghosted and gains bonus movement speed.

Jax Q: Leap Strike (8s)
  Active: Jax dashes to the target unit's location.

Jinx W: Zap! (8s)
  Active: Jinx fires a shock blast in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy it hits and revea...

Kayle E: Starfire Spellblade (8s)
  Passive: Kayle deals bonus magic damage on-hit.

LeeSin E: Tempest (8s)
  Active: Lee Sin smashes the ground beneath him, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies, marking them for 4 seconds and, ...

Lissandra Q: Ice Shard (8s)
  Active: Lissandra launches a shard of ice in the target direction that deals magic damage and slows enemies hit for 1.5 ...

Lulu E: Help, Pix! (8s)
  Active: Lulu can cast Help, Pix! on herself or an ally or enemy.

Malphite P: Granite Shield (8s)
  Innate - Shard of the Monolith: Malphite gains increased percentage size equal to 8% of his total armor, capped at 35% i...

Malphite Q: Seismic Shard (8s)
  Active: Malphite sends a shard to the target enemy that deals magic damage and slows them for 3 seconds.

Malzahar W: Void Swarm (8s)
  Passive: Malzahar generates a stack of Zz'Rot Swarm when he casts another ability, up to a maximum of 2.

Mordekaiser Q: Obliterate (8s)
  Active: Mordekaiser strikes his mace down in a line in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies within, inc...

Nocturne Q: Duskbringer (8s)
  Active: Nocturne casts out a shadow blade in the target direction that leaves a Dusk Trail in its wake, dealing physical...

Poppy Q: Hammer Shock (8s)
  Active: Poppy smashes the area in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit. Against minions and mons...

Quinn P: Harrier (8s)
  Innate: Quinn's Blinding Assault against the primary target, Vault, and Skystrike mark enemies hit with Vulnerable for 4...

Seraphine Q: High Note (8s)
  Active: Seraphine hurls a soundwave to the target location that quickly expands in a radius upon arrival, dealing magic ...

Shaco E: Two-Shiv Poison (8s)
  Passive: Shaco's basic attacks slow enemies for 2 seconds while Two-Shiv Poison is not on cooldown.

Shen Q: Twilight Assault (8s)
  Active: Shen recalls his Spirit Blade to his location. Enemy champions hit are slowed for the next 2 seconds while movin...

Shyvana Q: Twin Bite (8s)
  Active: Shyvana empowers her next basic attack within 6 seconds to gain 25 bonus range, deal 100% AD (+ 50% AP) physical...

Sona Q: Hymn of Valor (8s)
  Active: Sona sends out bolts of sound to the two nearest visible enemies, prioritizing champions. Each bolt deals magic ...

Soraka Q: Starcall (8s)
  Active: Soraka calls down a star upon the target location that grants sight of the area before landing after 0.25 : 1 (b...

Syndra P: Transcendent (8s)
  Innate: Syndra collects Splinters of Wrath that enhance each of her abilities based on the number of them collected, sta...

Talon Q: Noxian Diplomacy (8s)
  Active: Talon dashes toward the target enemy, stabbing the target upon arrival to deal physical damage. If cast within c...

Veigar W: Dark Matter (8s)
  Active: Veigar casts down a mass of dark matter that strikes the target location after a 1.221 seconds delay, dealing ma...

Vex Q: Mistral Bolt (8s)
  Active: Vex launches a wave of mist in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit. After travelling 500...

Viego W: Spectral Maw (8s)
  Active: Viego charges while being slowed by 10% for up to 3 seconds to increase Spectral Maw's missile range and stun du...

Warwick Q: Jaws of the Beast (8s)
  Active: Warwick lunges at the target enemy over 0.264 seconds and bites them, dealing magic damage, healing himself for ...

MonkeyKing Q: Crushing Blow (8s)
  Active: Wukong empowers his next basic attack within 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain bonus range, deal b...

Nasus Q: Siphoning Strike (7.5s)
  Active: Nasus empowers his next basic attack within 10 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range, and...

Yunara E: Kanmei's Steps (7.5s)
  Active: Yunara becomes ghosted and gains bonus movement speed decaying over a few seconds. The movement speed is 50% mor...

Ahri Q: Orb of Deception (7s)
  Active: Ahri sends her orb in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies it passes through. Upon reaching m...

Annie W: Incinerate (7s)
  Active: Annie releases fire in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies hit.

Fizz W: Seastone Trident (7s)
  Passive: Fizz's basic attacks rend enemies on-hit, dealing magic damage every 0.5 seconds over 3 seconds, refreshing on ...

Jax W: Empower (7s)
  Active: Jax empowers his next basic attack or Leap Strike against an enemy within 10 seconds to deal bonus magic damage,...

Jhin Q: Dancing Grenade (7s)
  Active: Jhin throws a grenade at the target enemy that deals physical damage and can bounce to up to three additional ne...

Kassadin W: Nether Blade (7s)
  Passive: Kassadin's basic attacks deal 20 (+ 10% AP) bonus magic damage on-hit.

Kayn Q: Reaping Slash (7s)
  Active: Kayn dashes in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes through. He then swings his sc...

Kennen Q: Thundering Shuriken (7s)
  Active: Kennen throws a shuriken in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit.

KogMaw Q: Caustic Spittle (7s)
  Passive: Kog'Maw gains bonus attack speed.

Lulu Q: Glitterlance (7s)
  Active: Lulu and Pix each fire a magic bolt towards the target point, each one dealing magic damage to enemies hit, redu...

Malphite E: Ground Slam (7s)
  Active: Malphite slams the ground beneath him, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies and crippling them for 3 seconds.

Maokai Q: Bramble Smash (7s)
  Active: Maokai sends a shockwave in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and slows them by 99% fo...

MissFortune Q: Double Up (7s)
  Active: Miss Fortune fires a shot at the target enemy that deals physical damage, triggers on-attack effects, and bounce...

Nautilus E: Riptide (7s)
  Active: Nautilus sends three waves of explosions that radiate from him over 0.561 seconds. Each wave deals magic damage ...

Orianna W: Command: Dissonance (7s)
  Active: Orianna commands The Ball to emit an electric pulse that deals magic damage to nearby enemies.

Qiyana Q: Edge of Ixtal (7s)
  Active: Qiyana slashes forward in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies in a line, reduced to 75% dam...

Qiyana W: Terrashape (7s)
  Passive: While holding an Element, Qiyana gains bonus attack speed, 25 bonus attack range and bonus magic damage on her ...

Rammus W: Defensive Ball Curl (7s)
  Active: Rammus enters a defensive stance for 7 seconds, gaining bonus armor and bonus magic resistance. While active, en...

Renekton Q: Cull the Meek (7s)
  Active: Renekton cleaves around himself, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies and healing himself for each enemy hi...

Swain Q: Death's Hand (7s)
  Active: Swain unleashes five bolts of eldritch power over 0.264 seconds in a cone in the target direction that deal magi...

Syndra Q: Dark Sphere (7s)
  Active: Syndra conjures a Dark Sphere at the target location that appears after a 0.6-second delay, dealing magic damage...

TahmKench Q: Tongue Lash (7s)
  Active: Tahm Kench lashes his tongue in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and slows th...

Taliyah Q: Threaded Volley (7s)
  Active: Taliyah barrages 5 Stone Shards in the target direction over 1.5 seconds that each shatter upon the first enemy ...

Teemo Q: Blinding Dart (7s)
  Active: Teemo shoots a dart at the target enemy that deals magic damage and blinds them for a duration.

Velkoz Q: Plasma Fission (7s)
  Active: Vel'Koz fires a plasma bolt in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and slows the...

XinZhao Q: Three Talon Strike (7s)
  Active: Xin Zhao empowers his next three basic attacks on-attack within 5 seconds to each have an uncancellable windup, ...

Zyra Q: Deadly Spines (7s)
  Active: Zyra sprouts thorny spines at the target location that appear after a 0.625-seconds delay, dealing magic damage ...

Gwen Q: Snip Snip! (6.5s)
  Passive: Gwen's basic attacks generate a stack of Snippy on-hit for 6 seconds, stacking up to 4 times and refreshing on ...

Yuumi Q: Prowling Projectile (6.5s)
  Active: Yuumi fires an errant missile in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit. If the tar...

Chogath Q: Rupture (6s)
  Active: Cho'Gath ruptures the target location after a 0.627 seconds delay, granting sight of the area before dealing mag...

Elise Q: Neurotoxin (6s)
  Active: Elise fires a toxin at the target enemy that deals magic damage, with the damage based on the target's health ra...

Jayce R: Transform Mercury Cannon (6s)
  Active: Jayce transforms into Cannon Stance, receiving access to its abilities, becoming ranged with 500 attack range, a...

Leblanc Q: Sigil of Malice (6s)
  Active: LeBlanc projects an orb at the target enemy that deals magic damage and marks them for 3.5 seconds.

Lillia Q: Blooming Blows (6s)
  Passive: Whenever Lillia's abilities hit at least one enemy, she generates a stack of Prance for 6.5 seconds, refreshing...

Malzahar Q: Call of the Void (6s)
  Active: Malzahar opens two portals to the void centered at the target location, granting sight of the area in between. A...

Nidalee Q: Javelin Toss (6s)
  Active: Nidalee hurls a javelin in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, increased by 0% ...

Orianna Q: Command: Attack (6s)
  Active: Orianna commands The Ball to fly to the target location and remain there, dealing magic damage to enemies it pas...

RekSai E: Furious Bite (6s)
  Active: Rek'Sai bites the target enemy, dealing physical damage.

Rengar Q: Savagery (6s)
  Active: Rengar empowers his next two basic attacks within 3 seconds to gain 40% bonus attack speed. His first attack has...

Rumble W: Scrap Shield (6s)
  Active: Rumble generates 20 Heat to grant himself a shield for 1.5 seconds.

Samira Q: Flair (6s)
  Active: Samira fires a shot in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit.

Soraka W: Astral Infusion (6s)
  Active: Soraka heals the target allied champion.

TwistedFate Q: Wild Cards (6s)
  Active: Twisted Fate throws a fan of three cards in a cone in the target direction that each deal magic damage to enemie...

TwistedFate W: Pick a Card (6s)
  Active: Twisted Fate cycles through three cards for 6 seconds, hovering each for 0.5 seconds at a time. Pick a Card can ...

Udyr Q: Wilding Claw (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Claw Stance, empowering his next two basic attacks to gain 50 bonus range and deal bonus ph...

Udyr W: Iron Mantle (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Mantle Stance, empowering his next two basic attacks to gain life steal and heal him for 1....

Udyr E: Blazing Stampede (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Stampede Stance, empowering his basic attacks to have an uncancellable windup and pounce on...

Udyr R: Wingborne Storm (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Storm Stance, empowering his next two basic attacks to deal 10 : 40 (based on level) (+ 35%...

Vayne Q: Tumble (6s)
  Active: Vayne dashes a fixed distance in the target direction, though not through terrain, and empowers her next basic a...

Veigar Q: Baleful Strike (6s)
  Active: Veigar blasts a dark bolt in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first two enemies hit.

Yorick Q: Last Rites (6s)
  Active: Yorick empowers his next basic attack within 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range, dea...

Zed Q: Razor Shuriken (6s)
  Active: Zed throws a shuriken in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, reduced to 60% against ...

Ziggs Q: Bouncing Bomb (6s)
  Active: Ziggs throws a bomb to the target location that bounces forward up to two times, with the distance traveled each...

Ezreal Q: Mystic Shot (5.5s)
  Active: Ezreal fires a bolt of energy in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit, applyin...

Smolder Q: Super Scorcher Breath (5.5s)
  Active: Smolder spits a fireball at the target enemy that deals physical damage, increased by 0% : 75% (+ 0% : 40%) (bas...

Ashe E: Hawkshot (5s)
  Active: Ashe sends a hawk spirit to a location, granting sight of the area along its path[ repeatedly for 0.5 seconds af...

Darius W: Crippling Strike (5s)
  Active: Darius empowers his next basic attack within 4 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 25 bonus range, dea...

Galio P: Colossal Smash (5s)
  Innate: Periodically, Galio's next basic attack is empowered to have an uncancellable windup, gain 40% bonus attack spee...

Gragas W: Drunken Rage (5s)
  Active: Gragas channels for 0.75 seconds, drinking out of his brew, and gains damage reduction for 2.5 seconds.

Kassadin R: Riftwalk (5s)
  Active: Kassadin blinks toward the target location, dealing magic damage to all nearby enemies upon arrival. He then gai...

Leona Q: Shield of Daybreak (5s)
  Active: Leona illuminates her shield, empowering her next basic attack within 6 seconds to have a 0.25-second cast time,...

Ryze Q: Overload (5s)
  Passive: Ryze's other basic ability casts reset Overload's cooldown and charge a Rune stack for 4 seconds, refreshing on...

Samira R: Inferno Trigger (5s)
  Active: Samira unleashes a torrent of shots for 2.277 seconds, reducing her movement speed by 30% and rapidly shooting a...

Viego Q: Blade of the Ruined King (5s)
  Passive: Viego's basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus physical damage on-hit. This damage is affected by critical s...

Volibear W: Frenzied Maul (5s)
  Active: Volibear slashes the target enemy with his claws to deal physical damage, apply on-hit effects, trigger on-attac...

Zac W: Unstable Matter (5s)
  Active: Zac explodes to deal magic damage to nearby enemies, capped against minions and monsters.

Zed E: Shadow Slash (5s)
  Active: Zed slashes to deal physical damage to nearby enemies.

Gangplank Q: Parrrley (4.5s)
  Active: Gangplank fires a shot at the target enemy that deals physical damage, applies on-hit effects as a ranged attack...

Anivia E: Frostbite (4s)
  Passive: Enemies hit by Flash Frost or a fully formed Glacial Storm become Chilled for 3 seconds, refreshing on subseque...

Anivia R: Glacial Storm (4s)
  Active: Anivia calls forth a driving rain of ice and hail at the target location, dealing magic damage every 0.5 seconds...

Annie Q: Disintegrate (4s)
  Active: Annie hurls a fireball at the target enemy that deals magic damage.

DrMundo Q: Infected Bonesaw (4s)
  Active: Dr. Mundo throws an infected bonesaw in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and ...

Evelynn Q: Hate Spike (4s)
  Active: Evelynn launches a dart in the target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy hit and marking them fo...

Hecarim Q: Rampage (4s)
  Active: Hecarim cleaves his glaive around himself, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies, reduced to 60% against min...

Illaoi W: Harsh Lesson (4s)
  Active: Illaoi's next basic attack within 6 seconds gains 225 bonus range and causes her to leap to the target's locatio...

Khazix Q: Taste Their Fear (4s)
  Passive: Kha'Zix considers any enemy unit to be Isolated if they are not nearby to one of their allies. Taste Their Fear...

Nilah Q: Formless Blade (4s)
  Passive: Nilah gains 0% : 33% (based on critical strike chance) armor penetration. Her basic attacks and Formless Blade ...

RekSai Q: Queen's Wrath (4s)
  Active: Rek'Sai gains 35% bonus attack speed for 3 seconds. Her next basic attack within the duration will have an uncan...

RekSai W: Burrow (4s)
  Active: Rek'Sai becomes Burrowed, reducing her attack range by 50 and her sight radius to 385 units, while gaining acces...

Yasuo Q: Steel Tempest (4s)
  Active: Yasuo thrusts his sword in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, applies on-...

Yone Q: Mortal Steel (4s)
  Active: Yone thrusts his Steel Sword in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, applie...

Cassiopeia Q: Noxious Blast (3.5s)
  Active: Cassiopeia creates a blast at the target location that explodes after a 0.4-second delay. Enemies within the bla...

KSante Q: Ntofo Strikes (3.5s)
  Active: K'Sante slams his ntofo down in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and slows them by...

Ryze E: Spell Flux (3.5s)
  Active: Ryze projects an orb upon the target enemy that deals magic damage.
The target and surrounding enemies are also ...

Trundle Q: Chomp (3.5s)
  Active: Trundle empowers his next basic attack within 7 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 25 bonus range, de...

Alistar P: Triumphant Roar (3s)
  Innate: Alistar generates a stack of Triumph for each enemy champion he stuns or displaces with his abilities, and each ...

Amumu Q: Bandage Toss (3s)
  Active: Amumu throws a bandage in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, stunning them for...

AurelionSol Q: Breath of Light (3s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol charges for up to 3.25 seconds to exhale a beam of starfire, during which he can steer the beam in ...

Elise R: Spider Form / Human Form (3s)
  Passive: Spider Queen's bonuses are increased.

Nidalee R: Aspect of the Cougar (3s)
  Active: Nidalee switches between her Human Form and Cougar Form.

Quinn R: Behind Enemy Lines (3s)
  Active: Quinn channels for 2 seconds, signaling Valor to pair up. Upon completion, he picks her up and they unite, incre...

TahmKench E: Thick Skin (3s)
  Passive: Tahm Kench stores a portion of the post-mitigation damage he takes as grey health on his health bar, increased ...

Taric Q: Starlight's Touch (3s)
  Active: Taric heals himself and nearby allied champions for 25 (+ 15% AP) (+ 1% of his maximum health) per charge of Sta...

Corki R: Missile Barrage (2s)
  Passive: Basic attacks on-hit against champions reduce Missile Barrage's remaining recharge time by 2 : 4 (based on crit...

Jhin E: Captive Audience (2s)
  Passive - Beauty in Death: Whenever Jhin kills an enemy champion, he summons a Blooming Lotus Trap on their corpse.

KogMaw R: Living Artillery (2s)
  Active: Kog'Maw spits a globule of acid into the air that drops to the target location after 0.6 seconds, granting sight...

Taliyah P: Rock Surfing (2s)
  Innate: While near terrain, Taliyah gains 10% / 15% / 25% / 40% (based on level) bonus movement speed, which builds up o...

Talon E: Assassin's Path (2s)
  Active: Talon dashes up to 800 units over the target area of terrain while within proximity of it, during which he gains...

Akali Q: Five Point Strike (1.5s)
  Active: Akali unleashes kunai in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies hit. Targets beyond a c...

Azir W: Arise! (1.5s)
  Active: Azir summons a Sand Soldier at the target location that is untargetable, lasts 10 seconds, and grants sight of i...

Sejuani E: Permafrost (1.5s)
  Passive: Winter's Wrath and both Sejuani's and nearby allied melee champions' basic attacks on-hit apply stacks of Frost...

Velkoz W: Void Rift (1.5s)
  Active: Vel'Koz cracks a rift in the target direction that opens after a 0.25-second delay, cascading through the area o...

Amumu W: Despair (1s)
  Toggle: Amumu cries a continuous pool of tears, dealing magic damage every 0.5 seconds to nearby enemies.

Belveth Q: Void Surge (1s)
  Active: Bel'Veth dashes in the designated direction, though not through terrain, dealing physical damage to enemies she ...

Belveth R: Endless Banquet (1s)
  Passive: Bel'Veth's basic attacks on-hit apply a mark to the target for 5 seconds, refreshing on subsequent hits. Every ...

Heimerdinger Q: H-28G Evolution Turret (1s)
  Active: Heimerdinger deploys a H-28G Evolution Turret at the target location, which lasts until destroyed.

Karthus Q: Lay Waste (1s)
  Active: Karthus conjures a blast at the target location that detonates after 0.528 seconds to 0.759 seconds, granting si...

Singed Q: Poison Trail (1s)
  Toggle: Singed continually creates a toxic cloud in his wake that lingers for 3.25 seconds. The cloud inflicts poison to...

Vi E: Relentless Force (1s)
  Active: Vi empowers her next basic attack within 6 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range and trig...

Zeri Q: Burst Fire (1s)
  Active: Zeri fires a burst of 7 rounds in the target direction that each deal physical damage to the first enemy hit.

Jinx Q: Switcheroo! (0.9s)
  Toggle: Jinx switches between Pow-Pow, her minigun, and Fishbones, her rocket launcher.

Aphelios W: Phase (0.8s)
  Active: Aphelios switches between his main weapon and off-hand weapon over 0.25 seconds.

Cassiopeia E: Twin Fang (0.75s)
  Active: Cassiopeia launches her fangs at the target enemy that deal 52 : 120 (based on level) (+ 10% AP) magic damage. I...

Caitlyn W: Yordle Snap Trap (0.5s)
  Active: Caitlyn sets a visible trap at the target location that is untargetable and arms after 1 second, lasting for a d...

Gangplank E: Powder Keg (0.5s)
  Active: Gangplank consumes a charge to place a powder keg at the target location that lasts for 25 seconds and will conn...

Ivern W: Brushmaker (0.5s)
  Passive: While Ivern is in brush, his basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus magic damage on-hit. This bonus persists...

Karthus E: Defile (0.5s)
  Passive: Karthus restores mana whenever he kills an enemy.

Milio E: Warm Hugs (0.5s)
  Active: Milio envelops himself or the target allied champion in protective flames, granting the target a shield and bonu...

Nilah E: Slipstream (0.5s)
  Active: Nilah dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target unit, dealing physical damage to enemies she passes...

Rumble E: Electro Harpoon (0.5s)
  Active: Rumble generates 20 Heat to shoot a harpoon in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy h...

Yasuo E: Sweeping Blade (0.5s)
  Active: Yasuo dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy and becomes ghosted for 2 seconds, refreshing...

Teemo R: Noxious Trap (0.25s)
  Active: Teemo tosses a poisonous mushroom to the target location that becomes stealthed after arming over 1 second, last...

Zoe W: Spell Thief (0.25s)
  Passive - Wheeeee: Whenever Zoe casts Spell Thief or a summoner spell, she gains bonus movement speed for a duration, an...


=== ABILITIES BY COOLDOWN AT MAX LEVEL (highest first) ===

Zac P: Cell Division (300s)
  Innate - The Secret Weapon: Zac gains increased percentage size equal to 1.5% of his bonus health, capped at 35% increas...

Anivia P: Rebirth (240s)
  Innate: Periodically, upon taking fatal damage, Anivia enters resurrection for 6 seconds and restores all of her health.

Karthus R: Requiem (160s)
  Active: Karthus channels for 3 seconds, then deals magic damage to all targetable enemy champions upon completion.

Shen R: Stand United (160s)
  Active: Shen focuses his will, channeling for 3 seconds and granting the target allied champion a shield for 5 seconds a...

Pantheon R: Grand Starfall (150s)
  Passive: Pantheon gains armor penetration.

Galio R: Hero's Entrance (140s)
  Active: Galio prepares to make an entrance, channeling for 2.75 seconds and designating the target allied champion's loc...

Ryze R: Realm Warp (140s)
  Passive: Overload's Flux empowered damage is increased.

Milio R: Breath of Life (130s)
  Active: Milio explodes in soothing flames, healing and cleansing himself and nearby allied champions of non- airborne cr...

DrMundo R: Maximum Dosage (120s)
  Active: Dr. Mundo injects himself with chemicals to become enhanced for 10 seconds, gaining increased base health, bonus...

Gangplank R: Cannon Barrage (120s)
  Active: Gangplank shoots a flare into the air, signaling his ship off-shore to fire upon the target location for 8 secon...

Ivern R: Daisy! (120s)
  Active: Ivern summons his sentinel friend Daisy to his side, who lands 350 units away from him in the target direction a...

Kalista R: Fate's Call (120s)
  Active: Kalista invokes her tether to retrieve and hold her Oathsworn for 4 seconds. Kalista cleanses the Oathsworn from...

Kindred R: Lamb's Respite (120s)
  Active: Lamb blesses the ground underneath herself and enters a 0.264 seconds cast time, creating a sacred zone at her l...

Qiyana R: Supreme Display of Talent (120s)
  Active: Qiyana sweeps a windblast in the target direction that knocks back enemies hit by 375 units, though not through ...

Seraphine R: Encore (120s)
  Active: Seraphine projects a captivating force in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit, charms th...

Soraka R: Wish (120s)
  Active: Soraka calls upon the stars, healing herself and all allied champions, increased by 50% on targets below 40% of ...

Swain R: Demonic Ascension (120s)
  Active: Swain frees the demon within himself, gaining Demonic Ascension and generating 50 Demonic Energy. Demonic Ascens...

Taliyah R: Weaver's Wall (120s)
  Active: Taliyah summons a torrent of spiraling rocks that cascades in the target direction, knocking aside champions hit...

Taric R: Cosmic Radiance (120s)
  Active: Taric calls down a star from above that descends to him over 2.5 seconds. Afterwards, he and nearby allied champ...

Vladimir R: Hemoplague (120s)
  Active: Vladimir spreads a virulent plague at the target location that infects enemies hit for 4 seconds, increasing the...

Zilean P: Time in a Bottle (120s)
  Innate: Zilean generates 2 / 3.5 / 5 / 6 / 12 (based on level) experience (does not count towards his own level up) ever...

Kled R: Chaaaaaaaarge!!! (110s)
  Active: Kled & Skaarl charge toward the target location, automatically navigating terrain along the way, during which th...

Lillia R: Lilting Lullaby (110s)
  Active: Lillia casts a magical lullaby over all enemy champions affected by Dream Dust, which arrives after 0.3 seconds ...

Renata R: Hostile Takeover (110s)
  Active: Renata launches a cloud of potent chemicals that travels in the target direction, granting sight of its surround...

TwistedFate R: Destiny (110s)
  Active: Twisted Fate marks all targetable enemy champions, revealing them for a duration. Destiny can be recast after 0....

Volibear R: Stormbringer (110s)
  Active: Volibear gains Stormbringer for 12 seconds and leaps to the target location with displacement immunity over 1 se...

Ahri R: Spirit Rush (100s)
  Active: Ahri dashes to the target location and then fires essence bolts to up to 3 nearby visible enemies, each dealing ...

Ambessa R: Public Execution (100s)
  Passive: Ambessa gains armor penetration and heals herself for a percentage of the post-mitigation damage she deals to e...

Amumu R: Curse of the Sad Mummy (100s)
  Active: Amumu entangles nearby enemies in bandages, dealing magic damage as well as knocking down and stunning them for ...

Annie R: Summon: Tibbers (100s)
  Passive: Annie gains magic penetration.

Aphelios R: Moonlight Vigil (100s)
  Active: Aphelios casts forth a lunar spotlight in the target direction that briefly grants sight of the area along its p...

AurelionSol R: Falling Star (100s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol calls down a star that strikes the target location after 1.25 seconds, dealing magic damage to enem...

Aurora R: Between Worlds (100s)
  Active: Aurora leaps in the target direction with displacement immunity over 0.4 seconds. She then gains Realm Hopper fo...

Hecarim R: Onslaught of Shadows (100s)
  Active: Hecarim dashes with displacement immunity to the target location and summons 5 spectral riders in an arrow forma...

Janna R: Monsoon (100s)
  Active: Janna unleashes a blast that knocks back all nearby enemies to up to 875 units over 0.5 seconds based on their p...

MissFortune R: Bullet Time (100s)
  Active: Miss Fortune channels for up to 3 seconds, firing a number of waves of bullets in the target direction. Each wav...

Mordekaiser R: Realm of Death (100s)
  Active: Mordekaiser aims his mace towards the target enemy champion, slowing them by 75% and revealing them over the cas...

Morgana R: Soul Shackles (100s)
  Active: Morgana latches chains of energy onto nearby enemy champions over the cast time, dealing magic damage and formin...

Nami R: Tidal Wave (100s)
  Active: Nami surges a tidal wave in the target direction, granting sight around its trajectory as it travels, dealing ma...

Ornn R: Call of the Forge God (100s)
  Active: Ornn sounds his horn, summoning a lava elemental at maximum range from the target direction that stampedes towar...

Poppy R: Keeper's Verdict (100s)
  Active: Poppy charges while being slowed by 15% for up to 4 seconds to increase Keeper's Verdict's range and knock back ...

Senna R: Dawning Shadow (100s)
  Active: Senna fires two waves of spectral light in the target direction, granting sight of the area briefly along the pa...

Singed R: Insanity Potion (100s)
  Active: Singed empowers himself for 25 seconds with ability power, bonus armor, bonus magic resistance, bonus movement s...

Smolder R: MMOOOMMMM! (100s)
  Active: Smolder shouts for his mother to attack from above, causing her to exhale a wave of fire from behind him and tow...

Sona R: Crescendo (100s)
  Active: Sona strikes an irresistible chord in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and stuns them...

Tristana R: Buster Shot (100s)
  Active: Tristana fires a massive cannonball at the target enemy that deals magic damage. They and surrounding enemies ar...

Vex R: Shadow Surge (100s)
  Active: Vex sends her Shadow in the target direction that grants sight around its trajectory and deals magic damage to e...

Xayah R: Featherstorm (100s)
  Active: Xayah leaps into the air, becoming ghosted and untargetable for 1.5 seconds. After 1 second, she shoots 5 Feathe...

Xerath R: Rite of the Arcane (100s)
  Active: Xerath channels for up to 10 seconds, gaining the ability to recast Rite of the Arcane multiple times after 0.5 ...

XinZhao R: Crescent Guard (100s)
  Passive - Challenge: The last enemy champion hit by Xin Zhao's basic attacks or Audacious Charge is marked Challenged fo...

Yorick R: Eulogy of the Isles (100s)
  Active: Yorick summons the Maiden of the Mist over 1.5 seconds, along with a number of Mist Walkers surrounding her at t...

Yuumi R: Final Chapter (100s)
  Active: Yuumi and Book channel for up to 3.5 seconds, during which they are ghosted, to launch 5 magical waves in the ta...

Zed R: Death Mark (100s)
  Active: Zed becomes untargetable and, after a 0.6-second delay, he dashes to 125 units beyond the target enemy champion ...

Azir P: Shurima's Legacy (90s)
  Innate: Whenever a turret outside the enemy team's base is destroyed, a marker is placed above its ruins which can be ta...

Azir R: Emperor's Divide (90s)
  Active: Azir calls forth a phalanx of soldiers from 175 units behind him, catching enemies from up to 325 units behind h...

Blitzcrank P: Mana Barrier (90s)
  Innate: Periodically, when damaged to 30% maximum health, Blitzcrank generates a shield equal to 35% of maximum mana, la...

Brand R: Pyroclasm (90s)
  Active: Brand launches a fireball at the target enemy that bounces between nearby enemies and Brand up to four times, de...

Caitlyn R: Ace in the Hole (90s)
  Active: Caitlyn locks onto the target enemy champion and channels for 1 second, revealing them as well as revealing hers...

Camille R: The Hextech Ultimatum (90s)
  Active: Camille becomes untargetable and leaps with displacement immunity towards the target enemy champion over 0.5 sec...

Ezreal R: Trueshot Barrage (90s)
  Active: Ezreal fires a powerful arc of energy in the target direction that briefly grants sight of its surroundings and ...

JarvanIV R: Cataclysm (90s)
  Active: Jarvan IV leaps with displacement immunity to the target enemy champion's location over 0.35 seconds, dealing ph...

Jax R: Grandmaster-at-Arms (90s)
  Passive: Jax's basic attacks generate a stack of Grandmaster-at-Arms on-hit for 2.5 seconds, refreshing on subsequent hi...

Jhin R: Curtain Call (90s)
  Active: Jhin channels for up to 10 seconds, transforming his weapon into a cannon and gaining the ability to recast Curt...

Lucian R: The Culling (90s)
  Active: Lucian channels for up to 3 seconds, rapidly firing up to 22 (+ 1 per 4% critical strike chance) shots in the ta...

Maokai R: Nature's Grasp (90s)
  Active: Maokai summons a colossal wall of five thorny brambles that slowly advances in the target direction, acceleratin...

Neeko R: Pop Blossom (90s)
  Active: Neeko winds up spiritual essence over 1.25 seconds and highlights an area around herself, which is visible to en...

Nocturne R: Paranoia (90s)
  Active: Nocturne terrorizes all enemy champions, nearsighting them for 6 seconds. He can recast Paranoia for the same du...

Nunu R: Absolute Zero (90s)
  Active: Nunu and Willump channel a blizzard for up to 3 seconds, granting themselves a shield and slowing nearby enemies...

Rakan R: The Quickness (90s)
  Active: Rakan breaks into a captivating sprint for 4 seconds, gaining ghosting and 75% bonus movement speed for the dura...

Rammus R: Soaring Slam (90s)
  Active: Rammus leaps to the target location with immunity to crowd control. Upon arrival, he creates an impact that deal...

Sejuani R: Glacial Prison (90s)
  Active: Sejuani throws an ice bola in the target direction that stops upon hitting an enemy champion, dealing magic dama...

Skarner R: Impale (90s)
  Active: Skarner winds up his stingers over the cast time, then lashes them forward in an isosceles trapezoid in the targ...

Twitch R: Spray and Pray (90s)
  Active: Twitch gains bonus attack damage and 300 bonus attack range for 6 seconds, during which his basic attacks are re...

Vi R: Cease and Desist (90s)
  Active: Vi singles out the target enemy champion, dashing with displacement immunity towards them and revealing them. Up...

MonkeyKing R: Cyclone (90s)
  Active: Wukong spins his staff around for up to 2 seconds, becoming ghosted and gaining 20% bonus movement speed. The st...

Zac R: Let's Bounce! (90s)
  Active: Zac bounces after the cast time, then bounces 3 additional times each second over 3 seconds, during which he als...

Zyra R: Stranglethorns (90s)
  Active: Zyra summons a monstrous thicket at the target location that deals magic damage to enemies hit as it expands.

Irelia R: Vanguard's Edge (85s)
  Active: Irelia launches a barrage of blades in the target direction, expanding outward upon hitting an enemy champion, d...

MasterYi R: Highlander (85s)
  Passive: Scoring a champion takedown reduces the current cooldowns of Master Yi's basic abilities by 70%.

Aatrox R: World Ender (80s)
  Active: Aatrox unleashes his true form for 10 seconds, fearing nearby enemy minions and monsters for 3 seconds, during w...

Alistar R: Unbreakable Will (80s)
  Active: Alistar cleanses himself of all crowd control. For the next 7 seconds, he reduces incoming damage taken.

Bard R: Tempered Fate (80s)
  Active: Bard sends magical energy arcing to the target location, granting sight of the area during travel. Upon impact, ...

Braum R: Glacial Fissure (80s)
  Active: Braum leaps into the air and slams his shield into the ground, creating a fissure from the impact that travels f...

Briar R: Certain Death (80s)
  Active: Briar kicks her pillory's hemolith in the target direction, briefly granting sight of its surroundings as it tra...

Cassiopeia R: Petrifying Gaze (80s)
  Active: Cassiopeia blasts enemies in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies struck within and s...

Darius R: Noxian Guillotine (80s)
  Active: Darius attempts to execute the target enemy champion, leaping towards them to deal true damage, increased by 0% ...

Diana R: Moonfall (80s)
  Active: Diana pulls in all nearby enemies, during which they are revealed, then slows them for 2 seconds.

Draven R: Whirling Death (80s)
  Active: Draven hurls two massive axes in the target direction that briefly grant sight of their surroundings and deal ph...

Evelynn R: Last Caress (80s)
  Active: Evelynn reveals her true form, becoming untargetable at the start of the cast time and then unleashing her lashe...

Fiddlesticks R: Crowstorm (80s)
  Active: Fiddlesticks channels for 1.5 seconds, then blinks to the target location upon completion with a murder of crows...

Garen R: Demacian Justice (80s)
  Active: Garen calls upon the might of Demacia onto the target enemy champion, dealing them true damage as well as reveal...

Gwen R: Needlework (80s)
  Active: Gwen launches a needle in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and slows them by 60% for ...

Hwei R: Spiraling Despair (80s)
  Active: Hwei launches a globule of pure despair in the target direction that collides with the first enemy champion hit,...

KSante R: All Out (80s)
  Active: K'Sante roots the target enemy champion for 0.5 seconds and gains displacement immunity over the cast time. He t...

Kayle R: Divine Judgment (80s)
  Active: Kayle grants herself or a target allied champion invulnerability for 2.5 seconds and conjures swords of fire.

Kayn R: Umbral Trespass (80s)
  Passive: Kayn marks enemy champions he damaged in the last 3.15 seconds.

Kennen R: Slicing Maelstrom (80s)
  Active: Kennen summons a storm around himself for 3 seconds, gaining bonus armor and bonus magic resistance for the dura...

Lissandra R: Frozen Tomb (80s)
  Active: Lissandra can cast Frozen Tomb on herself or an enemy champion.

Lulu R: Wild Growth (80s)
  Active: Lulu enlarges herself or the target allied champion, knocking up nearby enemies for 1 second. For the next 7 sec...

Malphite R: Unstoppable Force (80s)
  Active: Malphite dashes with displacement immunity to the target location. Upon arrival, he deals magic damage to nearby...

Malzahar R: Nether Grasp (80s)
  Active: Malzahar tethers to the target enemy champion, knocking them down. He then channels for up to 2.5 seconds, suppr...

Mel R: Golden Eclipse (80s)
  Passive: Overwhelm stacks store more damage.

Naafiri R: Hounds' Pursuit (80s)
  Active: Naafiri and her Packmates channel for 0.75 seconds to single out the target enemy champion, revealing them in th...

Nasus R: Fury of the Sands (80s)
  Active: Nasus empowers himself for 15 seconds, gaining bonus health, bonus armor, bonus magic resistance, increased size...

Nautilus R: Depth Charge (80s)
  Active: Nautilus sends out a Depth Charge that chases the target enemy champion, accelerating over time and creating eru...

Nilah R: Apotheosis (80s)
  Active: Nilah whirls her whip-blade over 1 second, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies every 0.25 seconds. She the...

Olaf R: Ragnarok (80s)
  Passive: Olaf gains bonus armor and bonus magic resistance.

Orianna R: Command: Shockwave (80s)
  Active: Orianna commands The Ball to unleash a shockwave that deals magic damage to nearby enemies, stuns them for 0.75 ...

RekSai R: Void Rush (80s)
  Passive: Rek'Sai applies Marked as Prey to enemy champions she damages, lasting for 5 seconds.

Rell R: Magnet Storm (80s)
  Active: Rell erupts with magnetic fury, pulling nearby enemies inward. She then creates a gravitational field around her...

Renekton R: Dominus (80s)
  Active: Renekton empowers himself for 15 seconds, gaining bonus health, 20% increased size, 25 bonus attack range, and 2...

Rengar R: Thrill of the Hunt (80s)
  Passive: Rengar also gains Unseen Predator while camouflaged from any source.

Rumble R: The Equalizer (80s)
  Active: Rumble deploys a barrage of rockets along the target path that land in a line over 0.75 seconds, creating a fiel...

Sett R: The Show Stopper (80s)
  Active: Sett suppresses and reveals the target enemy champion while dashing with displacement immunity to their location...

Shaco R: Hallucinate (80s)
  Active: Shaco vanishes for 0.5 seconds and blinks in the target direction while creating a clone of himself that is summ...

Sivir R: On the Hunt (80s)
  Active: Sivir gains On the Hunt for a duration and grants it to nearby allied champions for the remaining duration.

Syndra R: Unleashed Power (80s)
  Passive: Dark Sphere gains ability haste.

TahmKench R: Devour (80s)
  Active: Tahm Kench abducts the target champion, pulling them to him over the cast time and then swallowing them to carry...

Thresh R: The Box (80s)
  Active: Thresh erects a pentagon of spectral walls around him that each last for 5 seconds. A wall will break upon enemy...

Trundle R: Subjugate (80s)
  Active: Trundle drains the life force out of the target enemy champion, dealing magic damage and healing himself for the...

Tryndamere R: Undying Rage (80s)
  Active: Tryndamere becomes enraged, instantly gaining Fury and a minimum health threshold for 5 seconds.

Velkoz R: Life Form Disintegration Ray (80s)
  Passive - Researched: Applying 3 Deconstruction stacks to an enemy champion marks them as Researched for 7 seconds, refr...

Viego R: Heartbreaker (80s)
  Active: Viego gains displacement immunity over the cast time, then blinks to the target location. Upon arrival, he strik...

Viktor R: Arcane Storm (80s)
  Active: Viktor conjures an arcane singularity at the target location, dealing magic damage to enemies within the area an...

Yone R: Fate Sealed (80s)
  Active: Yone prepares a strike over the cast time, then marks all enemies within an area in the target direction, knocki...

Yunara R: Transcend One's Self (80s)
  Passive: Arc of Ruin's base damage and Untouchable Shadow's dash speed scale with Transcend One's Self's rank.

Akshan R: Comeuppance (70s)
  Active: Akshan locks onto the target enemy champion and begins channeling for 2.5 seconds, revealing them as well as rev...

Fiora R: Grand Challenge (70s)
  Passive: Duelist's Dance's bonus movement speed is increased.

Fizz R: Chum the Waters (70s)
  Active: Fizz throws down a lure at the target location that attracts a shark, granting sight of the area before it emerg...

Gragas R: Explosive Cask (70s)
  Active: Gragas hurls a cask that travels to the target location over 0.5 seconds, exploding on impact to deal magic dama...

Heimerdinger R: UPGRADE!!! (70s)
  Active: Heimerdinger empowers his next basic ability for an additional effect, consuming the empowerment upon cast and p...

Illaoi R: Leap of Faith (70s)
  Active: Illaoi gains displacement immunity and leaps into the air for the cast time. She then slams her idol into the gr...

Khazix R: Void Assault (70s)
  Passive: Each rank in Void Assault allows Kha'Zix to evolve one of his abilities, granting it additional effects. Evolvi...

Pyke R: Death from Below (70s)
  Active: Pyke marks the target location with the shape of an X before striking it, executing enemy champions within the a...

Urgot R: Fear Beyond Death (70s)
  Active: Urgot fires a chem-drill in the target direction that impales the first enemy champion hit, dealing physical dam...

Vayne R: Final Hour (70s)
  Active: Vayne equips her crossbow, gaining bonus attack damage for a duration.

Warwick R: Infinite Duress (70s)
  Active: Warwick leaps in the target direction with crowd control immunity, stopping upon hitting an enemy champion. He t...

Zeri R: Lightning Crash (70s)
  Active: Zeri discharges an electric nova that deals magic damage to nearby enemies. If this hits at least one enemy cham...

Ziggs R: Mega Inferno Bomb (70s)
  Active: Ziggs catapults the Mega Inferno Bomb to the target location, granting sight within a 600 radius around its dest...

Akali R: Perfect Execution (60s)
  Active: Akali dashes 750 units in the direction of the target enemy champion, dealing magic damage to enemies she passes...

Ashe R: Enchanted Crystal Arrow (60s)
  Active: Ashe fires a massive arrow of ice in the target direction, granting sight of the area it flies through each for ...

Chogath R: Feast (60s)
  Active: Cho'Gath attempts to eat the target enemy, dealing them true damage. Against non- champions, the base damage is ...

Graves R: Collateral Damage (60s)
  Active: Graves fires an explosive shell in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and causes him...

Kaisa R: Killer Instinct (60s)
  Active: Kai'Sa grants herself a shield for 2 seconds and dashes to a target location near a visible enemy champion that ...

Leblanc P: Mirror Image (60s)
  Innate: Periodically, when LeBlanc is damaged to 40% maximum health, she creates a clone of herself, after which they bo...

LeeSin R: Dragon's Rage (60s)
  Active: Lee Sin roots the target enemy champion over the cast time, then roundhouse kicks them to deal physical damage a...

Leona R: Solar Flare (60s)
  Active: Leona calls down a solar flare that strikes upon the target location after 0.625 seconds, granting sight of the ...

Riven R: Blade of the Exile (60s)
  Active: Riven empowers her blade for 15 seconds, gaining 25% AD bonus attack damage, 75 bonus attack range, and increase...

Sion R: Unstoppable Onslaught (60s)
  Active: Sion becomes immune to crowd control and ghosted and, after a brief delay, charges forward in the direction of t...

Talon R: Shadow Assault (60s)
  Active: Talon disperses a ring of blades around him that deals physical damage to enemies hit and lingers at maximum ran...

Varus R: Chain of Corruption (60s)
  Active: Varus unleashes a tendril of corruption in the target direction that infects the first enemy champion hit, deali...

Veigar R: Primordial Burst (60s)
  Active: Veigar sends a primordial burst at the target enemy champion that deals magic damage, increased by 0% : 100% (ba...

Zilean R: Chronoshift (60s)
  Active: Zilean places a protective time rune on the target allied champion or himself for 5 seconds.

Ekko R: Chronobreak (50s)
  Passive: Upon learning Chronobreak or if its current cooldown is lower than 4 seconds, Ekko reveals a time-delayed after...

Veigar W: Dark Matter (50s)
  Active: Veigar casts down a mass of dark matter that strikes the target location after a 1.221 seconds delay, dealing ma...

Jinx R: Super Mega Death Rocket! (45s)
  Active: Jinx fires a massive rocket in the target direction, briefly granting sight of its surroundings and exploding up...

Katarina R: Death Lotus (45s)
  Active: Katarina channels for up to 2.5 seconds, rapidly throwing a dagger every 0.166 seconds to up to 3 of the closest...

Lux R: Final Spark (40s)
  Active: Lux fires a massive light beam in a line in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and reve...

Varus W: Blighted Quiver (40s)
  Passive: Varus' basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus magic damage and apply a stack of Blight on-hit for 6 seconds,...

Warwick W: Blood Hunt (40s)
  Passive: Warwick gains bonus attack speed for 1.25 seconds upon damaging a target to or while they are below 50% of thei...

Karma R: Mantra (34s)
  Active: Karma empowers her next basic ability within 8 seconds for an additional effect. Mantra can be used while affect...

Gnar R: GNAR! (30s)
  Mini Gnar - Passive: Hyper's bonus movement speed is increased.

Kalista W: Sentinel (30s)
  Passive - Soul-Marked: While Kalista and her Oathsworn are tethered, their basic attacks and Pierce apply a Soul-Mark to...

Quinn W: Heightened Senses (30s)
  Passive: Whenever Quinn uses a basic attack on-attack against a Vulnerable target or consumes their mark, she gains bonu...

Sylas R: Hijack (30s)
  Active: Sylas launches his chains at the target enemy champion, gaining a copy of their ultimate ability and revealing t...

Yasuo R: Last Breath (30s)
  Active: Yasuo blinks to the opposite side of a visible airborne enemy champion nearest to the cursor, instantly generati...

Leblanc R: Mimic (25s)
  Active: LeBlanc casts a mimicked version of her most recently used basic ability, applying the same effects and dealing ...

Renata W: Bailout (24s)
  Active: Renata infuses herself or the target allied champion with a chemtech formula for 5 seconds, granting the target ...

Mel W: Rebuttal (23s)
  Active: Mel forms a protective barrier around herself for 0.75 seconds, becoming invulnerable to non- turret damage and ...

Nilah W: Jubilant Veil (22s)
  Active: Nilah envelops herself in mist for 2.25 seconds, during which she becomes ghosted, gains bonus movement speed, r...

Samira W: Blade Whirl (22s)
  Active: Samira spins her blade over 0.75 seconds, destroying all hostile non- turret projectiles within the area for the...

Seraphine W: Surround Sound (22s)
  Active: Seraphine grants a shield to herself and nearby allied champions for 2.5 seconds. For the same duration, she als...

Milio W: Cozy Campfire (21s)
  Active: Milio summons a fuemigo at the target location or upon the target allied champion for 6 seconds that follows the...

Blitzcrank R: Static Field (20s)
  Passive: While Static Field is not on cooldown, Blitzcrank's basic attacks apply a stack to the target on-hit. After eve...

Maokai P: Sap Magic (20s)
  Innate: Periodically, Maokai empowers his next basic attack to have an uncancellable windup and heal him for 4% : 12.8% ...

Senna E: Curse of the Black Mist (20s)
  Active: Senna surrounds herself with an aura of mist and gains camouflage for a duration. If Senna breaks the camouflage...

Aurora W: Across the Veil (18s)
  Active: Aurora hops in the target direction inside a portal to the Spirit Realm. Upon completing the dash, she becomes i...

Graves W: Smoke Screen (18s)
  Active: Graves fires a smoke canister at the target location that upon impact deals magic damage to enemies within the a...

Gwen W: Hallowed Mist (18s)
  Active: Gwen summons the Hallowed Mist upon her current location, lasting for 4 seconds. Hallowed Mist can be recast aft...

Lulu W: Whimsy (18s)
  Active: Lulu can cast Whimsy on herself or a champion.

MasterYi Q: Alpha Strike (18s)
  Active: Master Yi vanishes and becomes unable to act. After 0.231 seconds, he marks the target enemy and then proceeds t...

Naafiri W: The Call of the Pack (18s)
  Active: Naafiri goes on the hunt for the next 5 seconds, becoming untargetable for the first 1 second and vanishing all ...

Pantheon E: Aegis Assault (18s)
  Active: Pantheon braces his shield in the target direction and channels for 1.5 seconds, during which he becomes invulne...

Sivir E: Spell Shield (18s)
  Active: Sivir gains a spell shield for 1.5 seconds. Upon successfully blocking a hostile effect, she heals herself and a...

Skarner E: Ixtal's Impact (18s)
  Active: Skarner charges forward in the direction of the cursor for up to 2.75 seconds, during which he gains slow immuni...

Swain W: Vision of Empire (18s)
  Active: Swain summons a demonic eye at the target location that grants sight of the area for 2 seconds and explodes afte...

Zeri E: Spark Surge (18s)
  Active: Zeri dashes in the target direction. She will dash farther across terrain if Spark Surge was cast within 50 unit...

Anivia W: Crystallize (17s)
  Active: Anivia summons a wall of ice at the target location perpendicular to her facing, knocking all units away from it...

Kassadin E: Force Pulse (17s)
  Passive: Each time Kassadin or a nearby champion casts an ability, Force Pulse's current cooldown is reduced by 0.75 sec...

KogMaw W: Bio-Arcane Barrage (17s)
  Active: Kog'Maw empowers his basic attacks for the next 8 seconds to gain bonus attack range and deal bonus magic damage...

Syndra E: Scatter the Weak (17s)
  Active: Syndra propels a wave of force in a cone in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and knoc...

TahmKench W: Abyssal Dive (17s)
  Active: Tahm Kench channels for 1.35 seconds as he dives into the waters, then blinks to the target location after a 0.1...

Thresh W: Dark Passage (17s)
  Active: Thresh throws his lantern to the target location over 0.5 seconds, lasting for 6 seconds while he remains nearby...

Yasuo W: Wind Wall (17s)
  Active: Yasuo raises a wall of wind that travels in the target direction over 0.6 seconds. It then drifts another 50 uni...

Akali W: Twilight Shroud (16s)
  Active: Akali restores 100 energy over 0.4 seconds and gains bonus movement speed that decays over 2 seconds. She also d...

AurelionSol W: Astral Flight (16s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol dashes in the target direction and resets Breath of Light's cooldown. During flight, he has unobstr...

Azir E: Shifting Sands (16s)
  Active: Azir grants himself a shield for 1.5 seconds and dashes to the Sand Soldier closest to the cursor, dealing magic...

Bard E: Magical Journey (16s)
  Active: Bard opens a one-way magical corridor through a piece of terrain in the target direction for 10 seconds.

Belveth E: Royal Maelstrom (16s)
  Active: Bel'Veth enters a defensive stance for 1.5 seconds, during which she is unable to move, but gains damage reducti...

Blitzcrank Q: Rocket Grab (16s)
  Active: Blitzcrank fires their right hand in the target direction that catches the first enemy hit, dealing them magic d...

Briar E: Chilling Scream (16s)
  Active: Briar prepares to unleash a scream in the target direction, charging for up to 1 second, during which she increa...

Cassiopeia W: Miasma (16s)
  Active: Cassiopeia spews forth 7 bolts of venom in an arc at the target location, creating toxic clouds at the area for ...

Darius E: Apprehend (16s)
  Passive: Darius gains armor penetration.

Fiora W: Riposte (16s)
  Active: Fiora enters a defensive stance for 0.75 seconds, during which she is unable to act, prevents all incoming non- ...

Hecarim E: Devastating Charge (16s)
  Active: Hecarim becomes ghosted and gains 25% : 65% (based on time active) bonus total movement speed for 4 seconds.

Hwei W: Subject: Serenity (16s)
  Active: Hwei enters a serene mood, gaining access to its abilities as well as Wash Brush. He will exit the mood upon cas...

Morgana E: Black Shield (16s)
  Active: Morgana grants a shield to the target allied champion or herself for 5 seconds, which absorbs incoming magic dam...

Renata Q: Handshake (16s)
  Active: Renata fires a hook in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and roots them for 1 ...

Smolder E: Flap, Flap, Flap (16s)
  Active: Smolder takes flight for 1.25 seconds, becoming ghosted and gaining 75% bonus movement speed, unobstructed visio...

Soraka E: Equinox (16s)
  Active: Soraka creates a celestial zone at the target location that deals magic damage to enemy champions within at the ...

Tristana Q: Rapid Fire (16s)
  Active: Tristana empowers her cannon, gaining bonus attack speed for 7 seconds.

Twitch Q: Ambush (16s)
  Active: After a 1-second delay, Twitch becomes camouflaged for a duration. Attacking or casting Venom Cask or Contaminat...

Vex P: Doom 'n Gloom (16s)
  Passive - Doom: Periodically, Vex empowers her next basic ability to knock down and fear enemies hit for 0.75 / 1 / 1.25...

Vladimir W: Sanguine Pool (16s)
  Active: Vladimir sinks into a pool of blood, becoming untargetable and ghosted for 2 seconds. He also gains 37.5% bonus ...

MonkeyKing W: Warrior Trickster (16s)
  Active: Wukong enters invisibility for 1 second and dashes in the target direction, leaving behind a clone of himself at...

Xayah W: Deadly Plumage (16s)
  Active: Xayah enters a frenzy for 4 seconds, gaining bonus attack speed and empowering her basic attacks to fire an addi...

Xerath P: Mana Surge (16s)
  Innate: Periodically, Xerath empowers his next basic attack to restore 30 : 195 (based on level) mana, doubled to 60 : 3...

Zed W: Living Shadow (16s)
  Passive: Zed restores energy whenever he and his Shadows or multiple Shadows hit an ability on the same target. This may...

Ziggs E: Hexplosive Minefield (16s)
  Active: Ziggs scatters a cluster of 11 proximity mines over the target location that grant sight of the area for 2 secon...

Blitzcrank W: Overdrive (15s)
  Active: Blitzcrank shifts into overdrive, gaining bonus attack speed for 5 seconds and bonus movement speed that decays ...

DrMundo P: Goes Where He Pleases (15s)
  Innate: Dr. Mundo regenerates an additional[ 0.4% : 2.3% (based on level) of his maximum health every 5 seconds. ][ 0.04...

DrMundo W: Heart Zapper (15s)
  Active: Dr. Mundo charges up a defibrillator for up to 3 seconds, dealing magic damage every 0.25 seconds to nearby enem...

Gangplank P: Trial by Fire (15s)
  Innate: Periodically, Gangplank empowers his next basic attack to set the target on fire, dealing them[ 50 : 250 (based ...

Karthus W: Wall of Pain (15s)
  Active: Karthus erects a wall of pain at the target location perpendicular to his facing that lasts 5 seconds, granting ...

Kayle W: Celestial Blessing (15s)
  Active: Kayle and the target allied champion are healed and gain bonus movement speed for 2 seconds.

Senna Q: Piercing Darkness (15s)
  Active: Senna fires a spectral laser in the direction of the target unit, healing herself and allied champions hit, and ...

Shaco W: Jack in the Box (15s)
  Active: Shaco summons a box at the target location that becomes stealthed after arming over 2 seconds, lasting for up to...

Taric W: Bastion (15s)
  Passive: Taric gains bonus armor and forms a tether between him and the ally bound by Bastion. While the tether persists...

Trundle E: Pillar of Ice (15s)
  Active: Trundle erects a pillar of ice at the target location for 6 seconds, which knocks back units hit to 225 units fr...

Zilean E: Time Warp (15s)
  Active: Zilean applies Time Warp to the target champion which lasts for 2.5 seconds.

Rakan P: Fey Feathers (14.5s)
  Innate: Periodically, Rakan grants himself a shield for 30 : 225 (based on level) (+ 95% AP) that lasts until broken. Af...

Ambessa W: Repudiation (14s)
  Active: Ambessa braces herself for up to 0.5 seconds, during which in the first 0.225 seconds she is unable to act. Afte...

Diana E: Lunar Rush (14s)
  Active: Diana dashes to the target enemy's location, and upon completion, she deals them magic damage and consumes Moonl...

Draven E: Stand Aside (14s)
  Active: Draven throws a fan of axes in a line in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit, knocking ...

Ekko W: Parallel Convergence (14s)
  Passive: Ekko's basic attacks deal bonus magic damage equal to 3% (+ 3% per 100 AP) of the target's missing health again...

Ezreal E: Arcane Shift (14s)
  Active: Ezreal blinks from his current location to up to 475 units towards the target location, then fires a homing bolt...

Galio W: Shield of Durand (14s)
  Passive: Galio gains Anti-Magic Bulwark, and restores it after 12 / 10 / 8 (based on level) seconds without taking damag...

Gangplank W: Remove Scurvy (14s)
  Active: Gangplank consumes a large quantity of citrus fruit, cleansing himself from all crowd control and healing himsel...

Hecarim W: Spirit of Dread (14s)
  Active: Hecarim surrounds himself with the Spirit of Dread for 4 seconds, dealing magic damage every second to nearby en...

Janna Q: Howling Gale (14s)
  Active: Janna summons a whirlwind at her current location that charges up over 3 seconds, increasing its range, speed, d...

Kaisa W: Void Seeker (14s)
  Active: Kai'Sa fires a void bolt in the target direction that briefly grants sight around its trajectory as it travels, ...

Kindred W: Wolf's Frenzy (14s)
  Passive: Lamb generates 1 stack of Hunter's Vigor for every 27 units she travels by any means and 5 stacks on-attack, up...

Lucian E: Relentless Pursuit (14s)
  Passive: Relentless Pursuit's current cooldown is reduced by 1 second for each Lightslinger shot hit, doubled to 2 secon...

Maokai E: Sapling Toss (14s)
  Active: Maokai flings a Sapling to the target location, granting sight of the area.

MasterYi E: Wuju Style (14s)
  Active: Master Yi empowers his basic attacks within the next 5 seconds to deal bonus true damage on-hit.

MissFortune E: Make It Rain (14s)
  Active: Miss Fortune casts a storm of bullets at the target location for 2 seconds, granting sight of the area, dealing ...

Nunu W: Biggest Snowball Ever! (14s)
  Active: Willump cleanses himself from all slows and channels for up to 10 seconds, becoming ghosted and slow-immune and ...

Sona E: Song of Celerity (14s)
  Active: Sona gains 20% (+ 2% per 100 AP) bonus movement speed for 7 seconds. If she takes damage during this time, the d...

Taliyah E: Unraveled Earth (14s)
  Active: Taliyah scatters a field of 22 stones across the ground in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemi...

Teemo W: Move Quick (14s)
  Passive: Teemo gains bonus movement speed after 5 seconds without taking damage from enemy champions or turrets.

Tristana W: Rocket Jump (14s)
  Active: Tristana jumps to the target location. Upon landing, she deals magic damage to nearby enemies and slows them by ...

Tristana E: Explosive Charge (14s)
  Passive: Tristana's basic attacks are empowered to trigger an explosion when they kill the target, dealing magic damage ...

Tryndamere W: Mocking Shout (14s)
  Active: Tryndamere reduces the bonus attack damage of nearby enemy champions for 4 seconds.

Urgot E: Disdain (14s)
  Active: Urgot grants himself a shield for 4 seconds.

Veigar E: Event Horizon (14s)
  Active: Veigar forms a cage at the target location that erects after a 0.5 second delay, remaining there for 3 seconds. ...

Volibear E: Sky Splitter (14s)
  Active: Volibear summons a lightning bolt to strike at the target location after a 2-second delay, granting sight of the...

Yone W: Spirit Cleave (14s)
  Active: Yone cleaves with his Azakana Sword in a cone in the target direction, dealing equal parts physical and magic da...

Fiddlesticks Q: Terrify (13s)
  Passive: While Fiddlesticks has been out of combat for at least 2.5 seconds and is not visible to the enemy team, or is ...

Kayn E: Shadow Step (13s)
  Active: Kayn gains 40% bonus total movement speed, ghosting and the ability to ignore terrain collision for a duration. ...

Nocturne P: Umbra Blades (13s)
  Innate: Periodically, Nocturne empowers his next basic attack to slash in a circle, dealing 120% AD physical damage to t...

Riven Q: Broken Wings (13s)
  Active: Riven can activate Broken Wings three times before the ability goes on cooldown, with a 0.3125-second static coo...

Sejuani Q: Arctic Assault (13s)
  Active: Bristle dashes to the target location until he collides with an enemy champion, dealing magic damage to enemies ...

Singed W: Mega Adhesive (13s)
  Active: Singed spills a potent adhesive that lands at the target location after 0.375 seconds, creating a field for 3 se...

Vex E: Looming Darkness (13s)
  Active: Vex tosses her Shadow to explode at the target location, dealing magic damage to enemies hit and slowing them fo...

Viktor W: Gravity Field (13s)
  Active: Viktor deploys a gravity field at the target location for 4.5 seconds. After a 0.75-second delay, it activates t...

Aatrox W: Infernal Chains (12s)
  Active: Aatrox sends a chain in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit, doubled against ...

Ahri E: Charm (12s)
  Active: Ahri blows forth a kiss in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, knocking them do...

Akshan E: Heroic Swing (12s)
  Active: Akshan can activate Heroic Swing three times before the ability goes on cooldown, and can use the third cast onl...

AurelionSol E: Singularity (12s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol conjures a black hole at the target location after a 0.5-second delay that lasts for 5 seconds, gra...

Camille E: Hookshot (12s)
  Active: Camille fires a grapple in the target direction. If the grapple collides with terrain, Camille will dash toward ...

Corki W: Valkyrie (12s)
  Active: Corki dashes to the target location and drops bombs that leave up to 3 blazing patches along his path, depending...

Corki E: Gatling Gun (12s)
  Active: Corki sprays bullets in a cone toward his facing direction for 4 seconds, dealing physical damage every 0.25 sec...

Draven W: Blood Rush (12s)
  Active: Draven enters an adrenaline rush, gaining bonus attack speed for 3 seconds as well as decaying bonus movement sp...

Elise W: Volatile Spiderling (12s)
  Active: Elise summons an untargetable venom-gorged spider that lasts for 3 seconds. The spider searches for nearby targe...

Garen W: Courage (12s)
  Passive: Whenever Garen kills an enemy, he generates a stack of Courage, stacking up to 150 times.

Gnar E: Hop (12s)
  Active: Gnar leaps to the target location, then gains bonus attack speed for 6 seconds.

Gragas E: Body Slam (12s)
  Active: Gragas charges in the target direction and stops upon colliding with an enemy, dealing magic damage to all nearb...

Graves E: Quickdraw (12s)
  Active: Graves dashes to the target location, reloading one shell while generating a stack of True Grit for 4 seconds, s...

Illaoi E: Test of Spirit (12s)
  Active: Illaoi launches a tendril in the target direction that stops at the first enemy hit, pulling their Spirit out in...

Irelia W: Defiant Dance (12s)
  Active: Irelia charges for up to 1.5 seconds, during which she increases Defiant Dance's damage over the first 0.75 seco...

Irelia E: Flawless Duet (12s)
  Active: Irelia sends a blade to the target location for 3.5 seconds. Flawless Duet can be recast after 0.15 seconds whil...

Janna E: Eye of the Storm (12s)
  Passive: Whenever Janna's abilities slow or knock up at least one enemy champion, 20% of Eye of the Storm's cooldown is ...

Jhin W: Deadly Flourish (12s)
  Passive: Enemy champions that trigger a Lotus Trap to bloom or are damaged by Jhin or allied champions are marked for 4 ...

Karma W: Focused Resolve (12s)
  Active: Karma deals magic damage to the target enemy champion, monster or pet and forms a tether between her and them fo...

Khazix E: Leap (12s)
  Active: Kha'Zix leaps to the target location, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies upon arrival.

KogMaw E: Void Ooze (12s)
  Active: Kog'Maw spews a gob of ooze in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit.

LeeSin W: Safeguard (12s)
  Active: Lee Sin dashes to the target allied unit's location. If the ally is a champion upon arrival, both they and Lee S...

Lillia E: Swirlseed (12s)
  Active: Lillia lobs a seed at the target location that rolls forward indefinitely. The seed detonates upon hitting an en...

Lissandra E: Glacial Path (12s)
  Active: Lissandra sends a claw of ice in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies it passes through, dece...

Malzahar P: Void Shift (12s)
  Innate: Periodically, Malzahar gains Void Shift until he takes non- minion damage or negates a crowd control effect, to ...

MissFortune W: Strut (12s)
  Passive: Miss Fortune gains bonus movement speed after 4 seconds without taking non- persistent damage. This bonus is in...

Morgana W: Tormented Shadow (12s)
  Passive: Tormented Shadow's current cooldown is reduced by 5% of its total cooldown whenever Soul Siphon triggers. Simul...

Nasus E: Spirit Fire (12s)
  Active: Nasus unleashes a spirit fire at the target location, granting sight of the area for 2.5 seconds and, after a 0....

Nautilus W: Titan's Wrath (12s)
  Active: Nautilus grants himself a shield for 6 seconds, and while it holds, his basic attacks are empowered to apply Pai...

Neeko W: Shapesplitter (12s)
  Passive: Neeko's basic attacks on-hit generate a stack of Shapesplitter, which refreshes on subsequent attacks and stack...

Nidalee E: Primal Surge (12s)
  Active: Nidalee revitalizes herself or the target allied champion, granting the target bonus attack speed for 7 seconds ...

Nocturne W: Shroud of Darkness (12s)
  Passive: Nocturne gains bonus attack speed.

Olaf W: Tough It Out (12s)
  Active: Olaf gains bonus attack speed for 5 seconds.

Ornn E: Searing Charge (12s)
  Active: Ornn charges in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes through and stopping upon col...

Poppy W: Steadfast Presence (12s)
  Passive - Stubborn to a Fault: Poppy increases her total armor and total magic resistance by 12%, doubled to 24% while s...

Rakan E: Battle Dance (12s)
  Active: Rakan grants a shield to the target allied champion for 3 seconds and then dashes to and around them. Battle Dan...

Rammus E: Frenzying Taunt (12s)
  Active: Rammus taunts the target enemy champion or monster for a duration. Monsters are additionally dealt magic damage ...

Samira E: Wild Rush (12s)
  Active: Samira dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy or enemy structure, dealing magic damage to ...

Sett W: Haymaker (12s)
  Passive: Sett stores 100% of post-mitigation damage taken as Grit on his resource bar, up to a cap of 50% of his maximum...

Shyvana W: Burnout (12s)
  Active: Shyvana surrounds herself in flames for 3 seconds, gaining decaying bonus movement speed and dealing magic damag...

Sivir W: Ricochet (12s)
  Active: Sivir empowers her crossblade for the next 4 seconds, gaining bonus attack speed and causing her basic attacks t...

Taric E: Dazzle (12s)
  Active: Taric winds up over 1 second, granting ghosting to nearby units, then projects a beam of starlight in the target...

Trundle W: Frozen Domain (12s)
  Active: Trundle coats the target location in ice for 8 seconds. While he is within the area, he gains bonus attack speed...

Tryndamere Q: Bloodlust (12s)
  Passive: Tryndamere gains bonus attack damage, plus an additional amount based on his missing health.

Varus Q: Piercing Arrow (12s)
  Active: Varus charges while being slowed by 20% for up to 4 seconds to increase Piercing Arrow's range over the first 1....

Vayne E: Condemn (12s)
  Active: Vayne fires a heavy bolt at the target enemy that deals physical damage and knocks them back 475 units, though n...

Velkoz E: Tectonic Disruption (12s)
  Active: Vel'Koz hurls a disruptive anomaly that lands to the target location after 0.25 : 0.55 (based on cast distance) ...

Vex W: Personal Space (12s)
  Active: Vex emits a shockwave around her before the cast time, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies and granting herse...

Vi P: Blast Shield (12s)
  Innate: Periodically, Vi's next ability hit grants her a shield equal to 12% of her maximum health for 3 seconds.

Yorick W: Dark Procession (12s)
  Active: Yorick summons a ring of spirits around the target location that arises after a 0.75-second delay, knocking asid...

Ziggs P: Short Fuse (12s)
  Innate: Periodically, Ziggs empowers his next basic attack to deal 20 : 160 (based on level) (+ 50% AP) bonus magic dama...

Ziggs W: Satchel Charge (12s)
  Active: Ziggs hurls a charge to the target location, remaining there for 4 seconds and granting sight of the area. Satch...

Zoe E: Sleepy Trouble Bubble (12s)
  Active: Zoe kicks a bubble in the target direction that bursts upon the first enemy hit, otherwise lingering at maximum ...

Zyra E: Grasping Roots (12s)
  Active: Zyra shoots a surge of vines in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and roots them for a...

Aurora E: The Weirding (11s)
  Active: Aurora blasts energy in a line in the target direction and recoils 250 units in the opposite direction. The blas...

Camille W: Tactical Sweep (11s)
  Active: Camille sweeps her leg in a cone in the target direction over 1.1 seconds, during which she is ghosted and unabl...

Evelynn W: Allure (11s)
  Active: Evelynn curses the target enemy champion or medium or large monster for 5 seconds.

Heimerdinger E: CH-2 Electron Storm Grenade (11s)
  Active: Heimerdinger hurls a grenade at the target location that detonates upon impact, dealing magic damage to nearby e...

Hwei E: Subject: Torment (11s)
  Active: Hwei enters a tumultuous mood, gaining access to its abilities as well as Wash Brush. He will exit the mood upon...

Katarina W: Preparation (11s)
  Active: Katarina tosses a Dagger into the air above her current location and gains bonus movement speed that decays unti...

Leblanc E: Ethereal Chains (11s)
  Active: LeBlanc flings an illusory chain in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy it hits and ...

Nami E: Tidecaller's Blessing (11s)
  Active: Nami blesses herself or an allied champion for 6 seconds, empowering their next 3 basic attacks or abilities to ...

Nasus W: Wither (11s)
  Active: Nasus ages the target enemy champion for 5 seconds, slowing them by 35% and crippling them by[ 75% of that amoun...

Nocturne E: Unspeakable Horror (11s)
  Passive: Nocturne gains 90% bonus movement speed while facing nearby feared targets.

Pyke E: Phantom Undertow (11s)
  Active: Pyke dashes in the target direction, leaving behind a Phantom. Pyke is ghosted while the Phantom is active.

Senna W: Last Embrace (11s)
  Active: Senna throws a globule of Black Mist in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit a...

Shen P: Ki Barrier (11s)
  Innate: After completing an ability's effects, Shen grants himself a shield for 47 : 120 (based on level) (+ 13% bonus h...

Sion W: Soul Furnace (11s)
  Passive: Sion gains 4 bonus health whenever he kills an enemy, increased to 15 for large enemies and takedowns against e...

Warwick E: Primal Howl (11s)
  Active: Warwick gains damage reduction for up to 2.5 seconds. Primal Howl can be recast after 1 second, and does so auto...

Xerath E: Shocking Orb (11s)
  Active: Xerath fires an orb of energy in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and stuns t...

XinZhao E: Audacious Charge (11s)
  Active: Xin Zhao dashes to the target enemy's location, dealing magic damage to enemies near them and slowing them by 30...

Aatrox P: Deathbringer Stance (10s)
  Innate: Periodically, Aatrox empowers his next basic attack to gain 50 bonus range and deal bonus magic damage equal to ...

Akali E: Shuriken Flip (10s)
  Active: Akali flips backward and, after the cast time, throws a shuriken in the target direction that deals magic damage...

Alistar Q: Pulverize (10s)
  Active: Alistar smashes the ground beneath him, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies and stunning and knocking them up...

Alistar W: Headbutt (10s)
  Active: Alistar dashes to the target enemy's location. If they are within 400 units upon arrival, he deals them magic da...

Alistar E: Trample (10s)
  Active: Alistar tramples the ground around him every 0.5 seconds over 5 seconds, becoming ghosted and dealing magic dama...

Ambessa Q: Cunning Sweep (10s)
  Active: Ambessa enters a 0.225-second lockout, at the end of which she slashes with her twin drakehounds in a cone in th...

Annie E: Molten Shield (10s)
  Active: Annie grants herself or the target allied champion and Tibbers a shield for 3 seconds and 20% : 50% (based on le...

Briar W: Blood Frenzy (10s)
  Active: Briar dashes in the target direction. If there is a nearby enemy upon her arrival, she gains Blood Frenzy for 5 ...

Camille P: Adaptive Defenses (10s)
  Innate: Periodically, Camille's next basic attack on-hit against an enemy champion grants her a shield equal to 20% of h...

Elise E: Cocoon (10s)
  Active: Elise fires a web in the target direction, stunning the first enemy hit for a few seconds, during which they are...

Gnar Q: Boomerang Throw (10s)
  Active: Gnar throws a boomerang in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies in its path and ...

Ivern Q: Rootcaller (10s)
  Active: Ivern throws a vine in the target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy hit and rooting them for a ...

JarvanIV E: Demacian Standard (10s)
  Passive: Jarvan IV gains bonus attack speed.

Jayce W: Lightning Field (10s)
  Passive: Jayce's basic attacks restore mana on-hit.

Jayce E: Thundering Blow (10s)
  Active: Jayce roots the target enemy over the cast time, then swings his hammer at them to deal magic damage, capped aga...

Jinx E: Flame Chompers! (10s)
  Active: Jinx tosses out 3 Chompers centered at the target location, landing after 0.4 seconds, arming after 0.75 seconds...

KSante W: Path Maker (10s)
  Active: K'Sante raises his ntofos defensively and prepares to dash in the target direction, charging for a minimum of 0....

Kaisa E: Supercharge (10s)
  Active: Kai'Sa charges up over the cast time, during which she is still able to move, becoming ghosted and gaining bonus...

Leblanc W: Distortion (10s)
  Active: LeBlanc dashes to the target location, dealing magic damage to all nearby enemies upon arrival and leaving a ret...

Leona W: Eclipse (10s)
  Active: Leona raises her guard for 3 seconds, gaining flat damage reduction of up to 50% of the damage instance and bonu...

Lillia W: Watch Out! Eep! (10s)
  Active: Lillia dashes to 150 units in front of the target location over 0.759 seconds, though not through terrain, and d...

Lucian W: Ardent Blaze (10s)
  Active: Lucian fires a missile in the target direction that explodes in a cross pattern upon hitting an enemy or reachin...

Lux W: Prismatic Barrier (10s)
  Active: Lux throws her wand in the target direction that homes back to her after reaching maximum range. Allied champion...

Maokai W: Twisted Advance (10s)
  Active: Maokai dashes to the target enemy while being untargetable. Upon arrival, he deals magic damage and roots them f...

MasterYi W: Meditate (10s)
  Active: Master Yi channels for up to 4 seconds, healing himself every 0.5 seconds, increased by 0% : 100% (based on miss...

Mel E: Solar Snare (10s)
  Active: Mel fires an orb in the target direction that grants sight of its surroundings for 0.25 seconds as it travels. E...

Milio Q: Ultra Mega Fire Kick (10s)
  Active: After a 0.25-second delay, Milio kicks a fireball in the target direction that grants sight of its path and knoc...

Mordekaiser E: Death's Grasp (10s)
  Passive: Mordekaiser gains magic penetration.

Morgana Q: Dark Binding (10s)
  Active: Morgana throws a sphere of dark magic in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and...

Naafiri P: We Are More (10s)
  Innate: Periodically, Naafiri summons a Packmate that fights alongside her. She may have up to 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 (based on l...

Nami W: Ebb and Flow (10s)
  Active: Nami unleashes a stream of water onto the target champion or herself, which then bounces to nearby unaffected ch...

Nautilus Q: Dredge Line (10s)
  Active: Nautilus hurls his anchor in the target direction that stops on the first enemy or terrain hit.

Neeko E: Tangle-Barbs (10s)
  Active: Neeko slings a magical spiral in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and roots them for ...

Nunu E: Snowball Barrage (10s)
  Active: Nunu throws a volley of 3 snowballs in the target direction over 0.4 seconds that each shatter upon hitting an e...

Ornn W: Bellows Breath (10s)
  Active: Ornn marches forward in the target direction over 0.75 seconds, gaining displacement immunity and becoming unabl...

Poppy E: Heroic Charge (10s)
  Active: Poppy dashes to the target enemy's location. If they are in range upon arrival, she deals physical damage and ca...

Pyke W: Ghostwater Dive (10s)
  Active: Pyke submerges into water for 5 seconds, entering camouflage and gaining 45% (+ 2% per 1 Lethality) bonus moveme...

Rakan W: Grand Entrance (10s)
  Active: Rakan dashes to the target location. After a 0.35-second delay upon arrival, he deals magic damage to nearby ene...

Rell W: Ferromancy: Crash Down (10s)
  Passive - Mounted Alacrity: While Rell is Mounted, she gains bonus movement speed.

Rell E: Full Tilt (10s)
  Active: Rell powers up herself and the target allied champion for 3 seconds, both gaining 10% bonus movement speed which...

Renata E: Loyalty Program (10s)
  Active: Renata sends out chemtech rockets from either side of her that instantly strike targets around her. After 0.429 ...

Renekton E: Slice (10s)
  Active: Renekton dashes a fixed distance in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes through.

Rengar W: Battle Roar (10s)
  Passive: Rengar stores 50% of the post-mitigation damage he has taken in the last 1.5 seconds as grey health on his heal...

Rengar E: Bola Strike (10s)
  Active: Rengar throws a bola in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit and slows them fo...

Sett E: Facebreaker (10s)
  Active: Sett pulls in enemies at his front and back along the target direction, dealing physical damage and slowing them...

Shaco Q: Deceive (10s)
  Active: Shaco becomes invisible for a duration, and after a 0.125-second delay, he blinks to the target location.

Shen W: Spirit's Refuge (10s)
  Active: Shen primes his Spirit Blade, creating an area around it. After 2 seconds, or when Shen or an allied champion en...

Shen E: Shadow Dash (10s)
  Passive: Dealing damage with Twilight Assault or Shadow Dash restores 30 / 40 / 50 (based on level) energy.

Smolder W: Achooo! (10s)
  Active: Smolder sneezes a fiery glob in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and slows them by...

Sona W: Aria of Perseverance (10s)
  Active: Sona heals herself and sends out a tone to heal the most wounded allied champion nearby.

Swain E: Nevermove (10s)
  Active: Swain launches a demonic wave in the target direction.

Thresh E: Flay (10s)
  Passive: Thresh's basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus magic damage, with the AD ratio increasing over 10 seconds w...

Varus E: Hail of Arrows (10s)
  Active: Varus fires a hail of arrows at the target location that land after 0.5 seconds, dealing physical damage to enem...

Volibear Q: Thundering Smash (10s)
  Active: Volibear drops on all fours, becoming ghosted and gaining bonus movement speed for 4 seconds, doubled while faci...

Xerath W: Eye of Destruction (10s)
  Active: Xerath casts down a blast of arcane energy that strikes the target location after 0.528 seconds, briefly grantin...

Yone E: Soul Unbound (10s)
  Active: Yone dashes a fixed distance in the target direction, including through terrain, discarding his body and enterin...

Yunara W: Arc of Judgment (10s)
  Active: Yunara launches a spinning prayer bead in the target direction that briefly grants sight of its surroundings as ...

Yuumi E: Zoomies (10s)
  Active: Yuumi grants herself a shield and gains bonus attack speed for 3 seconds. She also gains 20% bonus movement spee...

Zac E: Elastic Slingshot (10s)
  Active: Zac charges for up to 4.5 seconds to increase Elastic Slingshot's range over a cone in the target direction.

Zyra P: Garden of Thorns (9.05s)
  Innate: Periodically, Zyra spawns one or two Seeds nearby that last for 30 seconds, granting sight over the surrounding ...

Ambessa E: Lacerate (9s)
  Active: Ambessa enters a 0.225-second lockout and spins her twin drakehounds around her to deal physical damage to nearb...

Brand E: Conflagration (9s)
  Active: Brand sets the target enemy aflame, which creates a blast that deals magic damage to them and causes the flame t...

Briar Q: Head Rush (9s)
  Active: Briar leaps to the target unit. If the target is an enemy, she deals magic damage, applies on-hit effects, trigg...

Chogath W: Feral Scream (9s)
  Active: Cho'Gath roars in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies hit.

Diana W: Pale Cascade (9s)
  Active: Diana grants herself a shield for up to 5 seconds and creates three spheres that orbit her counterclockwise for ...

JarvanIV W: Golden Aegis (9s)
  Active: Jarvan IV slows all nearby enemies for 2 seconds.

Jax E: Counter Strike (9s)
  Active: Jax enters Evasion for 2 seconds: a defensive stance that causes him to dodge all incoming non- turret basic att...

Kalista Q: Pierce (9s)
  Active: Kalista launches a spear in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit.

Kayn W: Blade's Reach (9s)
  Active: Kayn swings his scythe in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit and slowing them by 90% d...

Khazix W: Void Spike (9s)
  Active: Kha'Zix fires a bolt of spikes in the target direction that explodes upon hitting an enemy, dealing physical dam...

Kindred Q: Dance of Arrows (9s)
  Active: Lamb dashes toward the target location, gaining 35% (+ 5% per mark) bonus attack speed for 4 seconds and firing ...

Kled W: Violent Tendencies (9s)
  Passive: Kled periodically gains Violent Tendencies, which starts expiring upon his next basic attack.

Kled E: Jousting (9s)
  Active: Skaarl dashes in the target direction, though not through terrain, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes ...

Lux Q: Light Binding (9s)
  Active: Lux shoots a sphere of light in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first two enemies hit and ro...

Nidalee W: Bushwhack (9s)
  Active: Nidalee lays a trap at the target location that becomes stealthed after arming over 1.5 seconds, lasting for up ...

Olaf Q: Undertow (9s)
  Active: Olaf throws an axe to the target location that deals physical damage to enemies it passes through and slows them...

Orianna E: Command: Protect (9s)
  Passive: The Ball grants bonus armor and bonus magic resistance to the unit it is attached to.

Pantheon W: Shield Vault (9s)
  Active: Pantheon leaps to the front of the target enemy's location. If the target is within 800 units upon arrival, he d...

Quinn Q: Blinding Assault (9s)
  Active: Quinn sends Valor in the target direction who stops upon hitting an enemy, marking them as Vulnerable and dealin...

Rell Q: Shattering Strike (9s)
  Active: Rell thrusts her lance in the target direction, lunging forward 100 units and destroying the damage-mitigating s...

Ryze W: Rune Prison (9s)
  Active: Ryze seizes the target enemy, dealing magic damage and slowing them by 50% for 1.5 seconds.

Seraphine E: Beat Drop (9s)
  Active: Seraphine fires a heavy soundwave in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit, reduced to 70%...

Sylas E: Abscond (9s)
  Active: Sylas dashes to the target location. Within 3.5 seconds, he can cast Abduct after a 0.2-second delay from castin...

Thresh Q: Death Sentence (9s)
  Active: Thresh throws out his scythe in the target direction, becoming unable to move or attack while it is in flight.

Twitch W: Venom Cask (9s)
  Active: Twitch hurls a cask of venom that explodes at the target location, applying Deadly Venom to enemies hit and gran...

Anivia Q: Flash Frost (8s)
  Active: Anivia launches a chunk of ice in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and slows them by ...

Bard P: Traveler's Call (8s)
  Innate - Ancient Chimes: Bard's presence causes sacred Chimes to appear at random locations on the map, lingering for up...

Belveth W: Above and Below (8s)
  Active: Bel'Veth slams her tail down in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit, knocks them up for ...

Brand W: Pillar of Flame (8s)
  Active: After a 0.627 seconds delay, Brand erupts a pillar of flame at the target location that deals magic damage to en...

Braum W: Stand Behind Me (8s)
  Active: Braum dashes to put himself between the target ally and the closest visible enemy champion within 1500 units, an...

Braum E: Unbreakable (8s)
  Active: Braum sets his shield in the target direction for a duration, creating a barrier in front of him that intercepts...

Caitlyn E: 90 Caliber Net (8s)
  Active: Caitlyn fires a net in the target direction and recoils 390 units in the opposite direction. The net deals magic...

Draven Q: Spinning Axe (8s)
  Active: Draven starts spinning his axe, empowering his next basic attack within 5.8 seconds to deal bonus physical damag...

Evelynn E: Whiplash (8s)
  Active: Evelynn whips the target enemy with her lashers, dealing magic damage and applying on-hit effects.

Ezreal W: Essence Flux (8s)
  Active: Ezreal fires an orb in the target direction that marks the first enemy champion, epic monster, or structure hit ...

Fiddlesticks W: Bountiful Harvest (8s)
  Active: Fiddlesticks forms a tether between itself and each nearby enemy over the cast time, then channels for up to 2 s...

Fizz E: Playful (8s)
  Active: Fizz dashes to the target location while becoming untargetable, balancing on his trident for 0.75 seconds, durin...

Garen Q: Decisive Strike (8s)
  Active: Garen cleanses himself of all slows and gains 35% bonus movement speed for a duration.

Gwen E: Skip 'n Slash (8s)
  Active: Gwen dashes to the target location, then empowers her basic attacks within the next 4 seconds to deal bonus magi...

KSante E: Footwork (8s)
  Active: K'Sante dashes to the target location, though not through terrain, and grants himself a shield for 2 seconds.

Kalista E: Rend (8s)
  Passive: Kalista's basic attacks on-hit and Pierce apply a stack of Rend to enemies for 4 seconds, refreshing on subsequ...

Karma E: Inspire (8s)
  Active: Karma grants a shield to herself or the target allied champion for 2.5 seconds as well as 40% bonus movement spe...

Kassadin Q: Null Sphere (8s)
  Active: Kassadin fires an orb of void energy at the target enemy that deals magic damage and disrupts their ongoing chan...

Katarina E: Shunpo (8s)
  Active: Katarina blinks to a target location near the unit or Dagger closest to the cursor, dealing magic damage to the ...

Kayle Q: Radiant Blast (8s)
  Active: Kayle conjures a portal in front of her that faces the target direction, from which a celestial sword launches f...

Kindred E: Mounting Dread (8s)
  Active: Lamb fires a shot at the target enemy that slows them by 30% (+ 5% per 100 AP) for 1 second and marks them for 4...

LeeSin E: Tempest (8s)
  Active: Lee Sin smashes the ground beneath him, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies, marking them for 4 seconds and, ...

Lissandra W: Ring of Frost (8s)
  Active: Lissandra freezes nearby enemies, dealing magic damage and rooting them for a duration.

Lulu E: Help, Pix! (8s)
  Active: Lulu can cast Help, Pix! on herself or an ally or enemy.

Lux E: Lucent Singularity (8s)
  Active: Lux sends a lucent singularity to the target location, remaining there for 5 seconds to grant sight of the area ...

Malphite Q: Seismic Shard (8s)
  Active: Malphite sends a shard to the target enemy that deals magic damage and slows them for 3 seconds.

Malphite W: Thunderclap (8s)
  Passive: Malphite gains bonus armor, tripled while Granite Shield is active.

Malzahar W: Void Swarm (8s)
  Passive: Malzahar generates a stack of Zz'Rot Swarm when he casts another ability, up to a maximum of 2.

Mordekaiser W: Indestructible (8s)
  Passive: Mordekaiser stores 45% of the post-mitigation damage he deals and 7.5% of the pre-mitigation damage he takes,[ ...

Nami Q: Aqua Prison (8s)
  Active: Nami launches a bubble at the target location that lands after 0.726 seconds, dealing magic damage to enemies hi...

Nocturne Q: Duskbringer (8s)
  Active: Nocturne casts out a shadow blade in the target direction that leaves a Dusk Trail in its wake, dealing physical...

Nunu Q: Consume (8s)
  Active: Willump takes a bite out of the target enemy, dealing damage and healing himself. The heal is increased by 50% w...

Pantheon Q: Comet Spear (8s)
  Active: Pantheon charges while being slowed by 10% for up to 4 seconds to increase Comet Spear's range after 0.35 second...

Poppy P: Iron Ambassador (8s)
  Innate: Periodically, Poppy's next basic attack is empowered to throw her buckler, gaining 350 bonus range and dealing 2...

Pyke Q: Bone Skewer (8s)
  Active: Pyke charges while being slowed by 20% for up to 3 seconds to increase Bone Skewer's range over the first second...

Quinn P: Harrier (8s)
  Innate: Quinn's Blinding Assault against the primary target, Vault, and Skystrike mark enemies hit with Vulnerable for 4...

Quinn E: Vault (8s)
  Active: Quinn dashes to the target enemy, marking them as Vulnerable, dealing physical damage, knocking them back a very...

Renekton W: Ruthless Predator (8s)
  Active: Renekton empowers his next basic attack within 7 seconds to have a 0.2-second cast time, have 175 range and stri...

Shaco E: Two-Shiv Poison (8s)
  Passive: Shaco's basic attacks slow enemies for 2 seconds while Two-Shiv Poison is not on cooldown.

Shyvana E: Flame Breath (8s)
  Active: Shyvana unleashes a fireball in the target direction that stops upon hitting an enemy champion, dealing magic da...

Singed E: Fling (8s)
  Active: Singed flings the target enemy 550 units over himself over 0.693 seconds, dealing magic damage. The damage based...

Sion E: Roar of the Slayer (8s)
  Active: Sion bellows a shockwave in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, slows them for ...

Sivir Q: Boomerang Blade (8s)
  Active: Sivir hurls her crossblade in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies within its path, increase...

Sona Q: Hymn of Valor (8s)
  Active: Sona sends out bolts of sound to the two nearest visible enemies, prioritizing champions. Each bolt deals magic ...

Syndra P: Transcendent (8s)
  Innate: Syndra collects Splinters of Wrath that enhance each of her abilities based on the number of them collected, sta...

Syndra W: Force of Will (8s)
  Active: Syndra grabs the nearest Dark Sphere, enemy minion or non-epic monster within 500 units from the target location...

Taliyah W: Seismic Shove (8s)
  Active: Taliyah marks the target location and selects a direction. After 0.792 seconds, a ledge erupts from the area tha...

Tryndamere E: Spinning Slash (8s)
  Active: Tryndamere dashes to the target location, dealing physical damage to enemies hit and generating 2 Fury per enemy...

Twitch E: Contaminate (8s)
  Active: Twitch sends out a lethal toxin to each nearby enemy afflicted by Deadly Venom, dealing them physical damage.

Urgot Q: Corrosive Charge (8s)
  Active: Urgot launches a canister at the target location. Upon landing, it explodes after 0.3 seconds to deal physical d...

Viego W: Spectral Maw (8s)
  Active: Viego charges while being slowed by 10% for up to 3 seconds to increase Spectral Maw's missile range and stun du...

Viktor E: Hextech Ray (8s)
  Active: Viktor fires an energy beam along the target path that deals magic damage to enemies hit and briefly grants sigh...

Xayah Q: Double Daggers (8s)
  Active: Xayah barrages two Feathers in the target direction that each deal physical damage to enemies hit.

Xayah E: Bladecaller (8s)
  Active: Xayah recalls all planted Feathers to shoot back to her, each dealing physical damage to enemies hit, increased ...

XinZhao W: Wind Becomes Lightning (8s)
  Active: Xin Zhao slashes in an arc and, after the cast time, thrusts his spear in a line in the target direction. Each s...

Yorick E: Mourning Mist (8s)
  Active: Yorick hurls a globule of Black Mist that splashes across an area at the target location, dealing magic damage t...

Yuumi P: Feline Friendship (8s)
  Innate: Periodically, Yuumi's next basic attack, which has an uncancelable windup and gains 50 bonus range, ability hit ...

Zac Q: Stretching Strikes (8s)
  Active: Zac stretches his left arm in the target direction that catches the first enemy hit, dealing magic damage, slowi...

Zeri W: Ultrashock Laser (8s)
  Active: Zeri fires an electric pulse in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit and slows...

Zilean Q: Time Bomb (8s)
  Active: Zilean throws a ticking time bomb to the target location that grants sight of its surroundings. The bomb will at...

Yunara E: Kanmei's Steps (7.5s)
  Active: Yunara becomes ghosted and gains bonus movement speed decaying over a few seconds. The movement speed is 50% mor...

Illaoi P: Prophet of an Elder God (7.25s)
  Innate: Periodically, Illaoi spawns a Tentacle on the nearest terrain perpendicular to her location, if no other Tentacl...

Ahri Q: Orb of Deception (7s)
  Active: Ahri sends her orb in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies it passes through. Upon reaching m...

Annie W: Incinerate (7s)
  Active: Annie releases fire in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies hit.

Aurora Q: Twofold Hex (7s)
  Active: Aurora fires a bolt of energy in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and marks them with...

Bard Q: Cosmic Binding (7s)
  Active: Bard fires an energy bolt in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and slows them ...

Corki Q: Phosphorus Bomb (7s)
  Active: Corki launches a bomb at the target location that explodes upon impact, dealing magic damage to enemies hit.

Ekko Q: Timewinder (7s)
  Active: Ekko throws a temporal grenade in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit.

Ekko E: Phase Dive (7s)
  Active: Ekko dashes in the target direction, then empowers his next basic attack within 3 seconds to have a 0.25-second ...

Fiora E: Bladework (7s)
  Active: Fiora empowers her next two basic attacks on-attack within 4 seconds to gain 25 bonus range and bonus attack spe...

Galio Q: Winds of War (7s)
  Active: Galio creates two windblasts 250 units to either side of him that arc out before converging to the target locati...

Galio E: Justice Punch (7s)
  Active: Galio steps backwards in the opposite direction over the cast time, then dashes to the target location until he ...

Heimerdinger W: Hextech Micro-Rockets (7s)
  Active: Heimerdinger launches a wave of 5 rockets that converge upon the target location and fan beyond it up to a maxim...

Ivern E: Triggerseed (7s)
  Active: Ivern places a seed on the target allied champion, Daisy, or himself, granting the target a shield for 2 seconds...

Kassadin W: Nether Blade (7s)
  Passive: Kassadin's basic attacks deal 20 (+ 10% AP) bonus magic damage on-hit.

Katarina Q: Bouncing Blade (7s)
  Active: Katarina throws a Dagger at the target enemy that deals magic damage and can bounce to up to two additional visi...

Kled Q: Bear Trap on a Rope (7s)
  Active: Kled throws a bear trap in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, increased to 150% aga...

KogMaw Q: Caustic Spittle (7s)
  Passive: Kog'Maw gains bonus attack speed.

Lulu Q: Glitterlance (7s)
  Active: Lulu and Pix each fire a magic bolt towards the target point, each one dealing magic damage to enemies hit, redu...

Malphite E: Ground Slam (7s)
  Active: Malphite slams the ground beneath him, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies and crippling them for 3 seconds.

Malzahar E: Malefic Visions (7s)
  Active: Malzahar infects the target enemy's mind, dealing magic damage every 0.25 seconds over 4 seconds, which refreshe...

Naafiri Q: Darkin Daggers (7s)
  Active: Naafiri hurls a dagger in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and inflicts them with ...

Naafiri E: Eviscerate (7s)
  Active: Naafiri dashes in the target direction and deals physical damage to enemies she passes through. Upon arrival, sh...

Neeko Q: Blooming Burst (7s)
  Active: Neeko tosses a seed that blooms at the target location, dealing magic damage to nearby enemies.

Olaf E: Reckless Swing (7s)
  Active: Olaf strikes thunder onto the target enemy, dealing true damage.

Orianna W: Command: Dissonance (7s)
  Active: Orianna commands The Ball to emit an electric pulse that deals magic damage to nearby enemies.

Ornn Q: Volcanic Rupture (7s)
  Active: Ornn sends a fissure in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and slows them by 40% for...

Qiyana Q: Edge of Ixtal (7s)
  Active: Qiyana slashes forward in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies in a line, reduced to 75% dam...

Qiyana W: Terrashape (7s)
  Passive: While holding an Element, Qiyana gains bonus attack speed, 25 bonus attack range and bonus magic damage on her ...

Qiyana E: Audacity (7s)
  Active: Qiyana dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy. If they are in range upon arrival, she deal...

Rakan Q: Gleaming Quill (7s)
  Active: Rakan slings an enchanted feather in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit.

Rammus W: Defensive Ball Curl (7s)
  Active: Rammus enters a defensive stance for 7 seconds, gaining bonus armor and bonus magic resistance. While active, en...

Renekton Q: Cull the Meek (7s)
  Active: Renekton cleaves around himself, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies and healing himself for each enemy hi...

Riven W: Ki Burst (7s)
  Active: Riven emits a flash of runic energy from the start of the cast time, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies a...

Skarner Q: Shattered Earth (7s)
  Active: Skarner rips a boulder from the ground, empowering up to three of his next basic attacks within 5 seconds of eac...

Syndra Q: Dark Sphere (7s)
  Active: Syndra conjures a Dark Sphere at the target location that appears after a 0.6-second delay, dealing magic damage...

Talon W: Rake (7s)
  Active: Talon throws a fan of daggers in a cone in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit.

Teemo Q: Blinding Dart (7s)
  Active: Teemo shoots a dart at the target enemy that deals magic damage and blinds them for a duration.

Velkoz Q: Plasma Fission (7s)
  Active: Vel'Koz fires a plasma bolt in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and slows the...

MonkeyKing E: Nimbus Strike (7s)
  Active: Wukong dashes to the target enemy's location and sends out untargetable clones to strike up to two additional en...

Yuumi Q: Prowling Projectile (6.5s)
  Active: Yuumi fires an errant missile in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit. If the tar...

Zoe Q: Paddle Star! (6.5s)
  Active: Zoe shoots a star in the target direction that explodes upon hitting an enemy, dealing magic damage to nearby en...

Aatrox Q: The Darkin Blade (6s)
  Aatrox can activate The Darkin Blade three times before the ability goes on cooldown, with a 1-second static cooldown be...

Ahri W: Fox-Fire (6s)
  Active: Ahri gains 40% bonus movement speed that decays over 2 seconds and conjures three flames which orbit her clockwi...

Azir Q: Conquering Sands (6s)
  Active: Azir orders all Sand Soldiers to dash toward the target location, dealing magic damage to all enemies they pass ...

Brand Q: Sear (6s)
  Active: Brand launches a fireball in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit.

Braum Q: Winter's Bite (6s)
  Active: Braum propels ice from his shield in the target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy hit and slowi...

Caitlyn Q: Piltover Peacemaker (6s)
  Active: Caitlyn fires a piercing shot in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy it passes th...

Chogath Q: Rupture (6s)
  Active: Cho'Gath ruptures the target location after a 0.627 seconds delay, granting sight of the area before dealing mag...

Diana Q: Crescent Strike (6s)
  Active: Diana unleashes a bolt of lunar energy that travels in a counter-clockwise arc before exploding at the target lo...

DrMundo E: Blunt Force Trauma (6s)
  Passive: Dr. Mundo gains bonus attack damage.

Elise Q: Neurotoxin (6s)
  Active: Elise fires a toxin at the target enemy that deals magic damage, with the damage based on the target's health ra...

Fiddlesticks E: Reap (6s)
  Active: Fiddlesticks slashes the target location with its scythe, dealing magic damage to enemies within the area and sl...

Fiora Q: Lunge (6s)
  Active: Fiora dashes in the target direction, then stabs a nearby enemy. Lunge can hit structures and wards. Stabbing a ...

Fizz Q: Urchin Strike (6s)
  Active: Fizz dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy. If they are in range upon arrival, he deals m...

Garen E: Judgment (6s)
  Active: Garen rapidly spins his sword around himself 7 (+ 1 per 25% bonus attack speed) times over 3 seconds, becoming u...

Gragas P: Happy Hour (6s)
  Innate: Periodically, after casting an ability, Gragas heals himself for 5.5% of his maximum health.

Gragas Q: Barrel Roll (6s)
  Active: Gragas rolls a cask to the target location, remaining there for 4 seconds and granting sight of the area. Upon a...

Graves Q: End of the Line (6s)
  Active: Graves fires a round in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies it passes through and leaves ...

Hwei Q: Subject: Disaster (6s)
  Active: Hwei enters a disastrous mood, gaining access to its abilities as well as Wash Brush. He will exit the mood upon...

Illaoi Q: Tentacle Smash (6s)
  Passive: Tentacle damage is increased.

Irelia Q: Bladesurge (6s)
  Active: Irelia dashes 100 units through the target enemy's location, and upon collision or dash completion, she deals ph...

Janna W: Zephyr (6s)
  Passive: Janna is ghosted and gains bonus movement speed.

JarvanIV Q: Dragon Strike (6s)
  Active: Jarvan IV extends his lance in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit and inflicting them ...

Jax Q: Leap Strike (6s)
  Active: Jax dashes to the target unit's location.

Jayce Q: To the Skies! (6s)
  Active: Jayce leaps to the target enemy's location over 0.5 seconds. Upon arrival, he smashes his hammer to the ground t...

Jayce R: Transform Mercury Cannon (6s)
  Active: Jayce transforms into Cannon Stance, receiving access to its abilities, becoming ranged with 500 attack range, a...

Kaisa Q: Icathian Rain (6s)
  Active: Kai'Sa releases a swarm of 6 missiles that evenly distributes among nearby visible enemies, each one hitting the...

Kayle E: Starfire Spellblade (6s)
  Passive: Kayle deals bonus magic damage on-hit.

Kennen W: Electrical Surge (6s)
  Passive: Kennen's basic attacks on-attack generate a stack of Electrical Surge, stacking up to 4 times. At 4 stacks, his...

Kennen E: Lightning Rush (6s)
  Active: Kennen turns into lightning for 2 seconds, becoming unable to declare basic attacks but gaining ghosting and 100...

Leblanc Q: Sigil of Malice (6s)
  Active: LeBlanc projects an orb at the target enemy that deals magic damage and marks them for 3.5 seconds.

LeeSin Q: Sonic Wave (6s)
  Active: Lee Sin fires a sonic blast in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit and marks ...

Leona E: Zenith Blade (6s)
  Active: Leona projects her sword in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit.

Malphite P: Granite Shield (6s)
  Innate - Shard of the Monolith: Malphite gains increased percentage size equal to 8% of his total armor, capped at 35% i...

Malzahar Q: Call of the Void (6s)
  Active: Malzahar opens two portals to the void centered at the target location, granting sight of the area in between. A...

Mel Q: Radiant Volley (6s)
  Active: Mel launches a barrage of luminous bolts at the target location over 0.7 seconds which distribute evenly in the ...

Nidalee Q: Javelin Toss (6s)
  Active: Nidalee hurls a javelin in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, increased by 0% ...

Rammus Q: Powerball (6s)
  Active: Rammus channels for up to 6 seconds to roll into a ball, gaining 25% : 39.17% (based on level) bonus total movem...

RekSai E: Furious Bite (6s)
  Active: Rek'Sai bites the target enemy, dealing physical damage.

Riven E: Valor (6s)
  Active: Riven dashes in the target direction, though not through terrain, while granting herself a shield for 1.5 second...

Rumble Q: Flamespitter (6s)
  Active: Rumble generates 20 Heat to activate his flamethrower for 3 seconds, dealing magic damage every 0.25 seconds to ...

Rumble W: Scrap Shield (6s)
  Active: Rumble generates 20 Heat to grant himself a shield for 1.5 seconds.

Seraphine Q: High Note (6s)
  Active: Seraphine hurls a soundwave to the target location that quickly expands in a radius upon arrival, dealing magic ...

Shyvana Q: Twin Bite (6s)
  Active: Shyvana empowers her next basic attack within 6 seconds to gain 25 bonus range, deal 100% AD (+ 50% AP) physical...

Sion Q: Decimating Smash (6s)
  Active: Sion prepares a strike in the target direction, charging for up to 2 seconds to increase Decimating Smash's rang...

Skarner W: Seismic Bastion (6s)
  Active: Skarner slams his claws into the ground, shielding himself equal to 8% of his maximum health for 2.5 seconds and...

Sylas Q: Chain Lash (6s)
  Active: Sylas lashes out two chains that converge to the target location and extend beyond it up to a maximum range, dea...

Sylas W: Kingslayer (6s)
  Active: Sylas dashes to the front of the target enemy's location then strikes them to deal magic damage.

Talon Q: Noxian Diplomacy (6s)
  Active: Talon dashes toward the target enemy, stabbing the target upon arrival to deal physical damage. If cast within c...

TwistedFate W: Pick a Card (6s)
  Active: Twisted Fate cycles through three cards for 6 seconds, hovering each for 0.5 seconds at a time. Pick a Card can ...

Udyr Q: Wilding Claw (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Claw Stance, empowering his next two basic attacks to gain 50 bonus range and deal bonus ph...

Udyr W: Iron Mantle (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Mantle Stance, empowering his next two basic attacks to gain life steal and heal him for 1....

Udyr E: Blazing Stampede (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Stampede Stance, empowering his basic attacks to have an uncancellable windup and pounce on...

Udyr R: Wingborne Storm (6s)
  Active - Stance: Udyr enters Storm Stance, empowering his next two basic attacks to deal 10 : 40 (based on level) (+ 35%...

Vi Q: Vault Breaker (6s)
  Active: Vi charges while being slowed by 15% for up to 4 seconds to increase Vault Breaker's range, speed, and damage ov...

Viego E: Harrowed Path (6s)
  Active: Viego sends a spectre in the target direction that creates a trail of mist in its wake which lasts 8 seconds. If...

Warwick Q: Jaws of the Beast (6s)
  Active: Warwick lunges at the target enemy over 0.264 seconds and bites them, dealing magic damage, healing himself for ...

MonkeyKing Q: Crushing Blow (6s)
  Active: Wukong empowers his next basic attack within 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain bonus range, deal b...

Zed Q: Razor Shuriken (6s)
  Active: Zed throws a shuriken in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, reduced to 60% against ...

Zilean W: Rewind (6s)
  Active: Zilean reduces the remaining cooldowns of Time Bomb and Time Warp by 10 seconds each.

Aatrox E: Umbral Dash (5s)
  Passive: Aatrox heals for 16% (+ 1.1% per 100 bonus health) of non- persistent post-mitigation damage he deals against e...

Akshan Q: Avengerang (5s)
  Active: Akshan throws a boomerang in the target direction that briefly grants sight around its trajectory and deals phys...

Amumu E: Tantrum (5s)
  Passive: Amumu reduces every instance of pre-mitigation physical damage taken, capped at 50% of the damage instance.

Ashe E: Hawkshot (5s)
  Active: Ashe sends a hawk spirit to a location, granting sight of the area along its path[ repeatedly for 0.5 seconds af...

Blitzcrank E: Power Fist (5s)
  Active: Blitzcrank empowers their next basic attack within 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, deal 100% AD (+ 25...

Camille Q: Precision Protocol (5s)
  Active: Camille empowers her next basic attack within 4 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range, de...

Darius Q: Decimate (5s)
  Active: Darius becomes ghosted for 1 second and hefts his axe for 0.75 seconds, afterward swinging it around himself to ...

Darius W: Crippling Strike (5s)
  Active: Darius empowers his next basic attack within 4 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 25 bonus range, dea...

Galio P: Colossal Smash (5s)
  Innate: Periodically, Galio's next basic attack is empowered to have an uncancellable windup, gain 40% bonus attack spee...

Gragas W: Drunken Rage (5s)
  Active: Gragas channels for 0.75 seconds, drinking out of his brew, and gains damage reduction for 2.5 seconds.

Jhin Q: Dancing Grenade (5s)
  Active: Jhin throws a grenade at the target enemy that deals physical damage and can bounce to up to three additional ne...

Karma Q: Inner Flame (5s)
  Active: Karma fires a bolt in the target direction that explodes on the first enemy hit, dealing magic damage to nearby ...

Kayn Q: Reaping Slash (5s)
  Active: Kayn dashes in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies he passes through. He then swings his sc...

Leona Q: Shield of Daybreak (5s)
  Active: Leona illuminates her shield, empowering her next basic attack within 6 seconds to have a 0.25-second cast time,...

Lucian Q: Piercing Light (5s)
  Active: Lucian fires a laser in a line in the direction of the target enemy that deals physical damage to enemies hit.

Maokai Q: Bramble Smash (5s)
  Active: Maokai sends a shockwave in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit and slows them by 99% fo...

Nautilus E: Riptide (5s)
  Active: Nautilus sends three waves of explosions that radiate from him over 0.561 seconds. Each wave deals magic damage ...

Ryze Q: Overload (5s)
  Passive: Ryze's other basic ability casts reset Overload's cooldown and charge a Rune stack for 4 seconds, refreshing on...

Samira R: Inferno Trigger (5s)
  Active: Samira unleashes a torrent of shots for 2.277 seconds, reducing her movement speed by 30% and rapidly shooting a...

Sejuani W: Winter's Wrath (5s)
  Active: After 0.25 seconds into the cast time, Sejuani swings her flail in a cone in the target direction that deals phy...

Sett Q: Knuckle Down (5s)
  Active: Sett empowers his next two basic attacks within 5 seconds to gain 50 bonus range and deal bonus physical damage,...

Shen Q: Twilight Assault (5s)
  Active: Shen recalls his Spirit Blade to his location. Enemy champions hit are slowed for the next 2 seconds while movin...

TahmKench Q: Tongue Lash (5s)
  Active: Tahm Kench lashes his tongue in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and slows th...

TwistedFate Q: Wild Cards (5s)
  Active: Twisted Fate throws a fan of three cards in a cone in the target direction that each deal magic damage to enemie...

Viktor Q: Siphon Power (5s)
  Active: Viktor throws a draining device at the target enemy that deals magic damage. He also grants himself a shield for...

Vladimir E: Tides of Blood (5s)
  Active: Vladimir charges for up to 1.5 seconds, during which he increases Tides of Blood's damage over the first second ...

Volibear W: Frenzied Maul (5s)
  Active: Volibear slashes the target enemy with his claws to deal physical damage, apply on-hit effects, trigger on-attac...

Xerath Q: Arcanopulse (5s)
  Active: Xerath charges while being slowed by 0% : 40% (based on channel time) for up to 3 seconds to increase Arcanopuls...

XinZhao Q: Three Talon Strike (5s)
  Active: Xin Zhao empowers his next three basic attacks on-attack within 5 seconds to each have an uncancellable windup, ...

Zac W: Unstable Matter (5s)
  Active: Zac explodes to deal magic damage to nearby enemies, capped against minions and monsters.

Zoe R: Portal Jump (5s)
  Active: After a 0.15-second delay, Zoe blinks in the target direction and remains there for 0.95 seconds to 1.25 seconds...

Zyra Q: Deadly Spines (5s)
  Active: Zyra sprouts thorny spines at the target location that appear after a 0.625-seconds delay, dealing magic damage ...

Vladimir Q: Transfusion (4.6s)
  Active: Vladimir drains blood from the target enemy, dealing magic damage and healing himself. He then generates 1 point...

Ezreal Q: Mystic Shot (4.5s)
  Active: Ezreal fires a bolt of energy in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit, applyin...

Gangplank Q: Parrrley (4.5s)
  Active: Gangplank fires a shot at the target enemy that deals physical damage, applies on-hit effects as a ranged attack...

Anivia E: Frostbite (4s)
  Passive: Enemies hit by Flash Frost or a fully formed Glacial Storm become Chilled for 3 seconds, refreshing on subseque...

Annie Q: Disintegrate (4s)
  Active: Annie hurls a fireball at the target enemy that deals magic damage.

Ashe W: Volley (4s)
  Active: Ashe shoots a volley of arrows in a cone in the target direction, each dealing physical damage to the first enem...

Chogath E: Vorpal Spikes (4s)
  Active: Cho'Gath empowers its next 3 basic attacks within 6 seconds to gain 50 bonus range and launch a blast of spikes ...

DrMundo Q: Infected Bonesaw (4s)
  Active: Dr. Mundo throws an infected bonesaw in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit and ...

Evelynn Q: Hate Spike (4s)
  Active: Evelynn launches a dart in the target direction, dealing magic damage to the first enemy hit and marking them fo...

Hecarim Q: Rampage (4s)
  Active: Hecarim cleaves his glaive around himself, dealing physical damage to nearby enemies, reduced to 60% against min...

Illaoi W: Harsh Lesson (4s)
  Active: Illaoi's next basic attack within 6 seconds gains 225 bonus range and causes her to leap to the target's locatio...

Jinx W: Zap! (4s)
  Active: Jinx fires a shock blast in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy it hits and revea...

Kennen Q: Thundering Shuriken (4s)
  Active: Kennen throws a shuriken in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit.

Khazix Q: Taste Their Fear (4s)
  Passive: Kha'Zix considers any enemy unit to be Isolated if they are not nearby to one of their allies. Taste Their Fear...

Lillia Q: Blooming Blows (4s)
  Passive: Whenever Lillia's abilities hit at least one enemy, she generates a stack of Prance for 6.5 seconds, refreshing...

Lissandra Q: Ice Shard (4s)
  Active: Lissandra launches a shard of ice in the target direction that deals magic damage and slows enemies hit for 1.5 ...

Mordekaiser Q: Obliterate (4s)
  Active: Mordekaiser strikes his mace down in a line in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies within, inc...

Nilah Q: Formless Blade (4s)
  Passive: Nilah gains 0% : 33% (based on critical strike chance) armor penetration. Her basic attacks and Formless Blade ...

Poppy Q: Hammer Shock (4s)
  Active: Poppy smashes the area in the target direction, dealing physical damage to enemies hit. Against minions and mons...

RekSai W: Burrow (4s)
  Active: Rek'Sai becomes Burrowed, reducing her attack range by 50 and her sight radius to 385 units, while gaining acces...

Rengar Q: Savagery (4s)
  Active: Rengar empowers his next two basic attacks within 3 seconds to gain 40% bonus attack speed. His first attack has...

Soraka Q: Starcall (4s)
  Active: Soraka calls down a star upon the target location that grants sight of the area before landing after 0.25 : 1 (b...

Veigar Q: Baleful Strike (4s)
  Active: Veigar blasts a dark bolt in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first two enemies hit.

Vex Q: Mistral Bolt (4s)
  Active: Vex launches a wave of mist in the target direction that deals magic damage to enemies hit. After travelling 500...

Yasuo Q: Steel Tempest (4s)
  Active: Yasuo thrusts his sword in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, applies on-...

Yone Q: Mortal Steel (4s)
  Active: Yone thrusts his Steel Sword in a line in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit, applie...

Yorick Q: Last Rites (4s)
  Active: Yorick empowers his next basic attack within 5 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range, dea...

Ziggs Q: Bouncing Bomb (4s)
  Active: Ziggs throws a bomb to the target location that bounces forward up to two times, with the distance traveled each...

Cassiopeia Q: Noxious Blast (3.5s)
  Active: Cassiopeia creates a blast at the target location that explodes after a 0.4-second delay. Enemies within the bla...

Gwen Q: Snip Snip! (3.5s)
  Passive: Gwen's basic attacks generate a stack of Snippy on-hit for 6 seconds, stacking up to 4 times and refreshing on ...

KSante Q: Ntofo Strikes (3.5s)
  Active: K'Sante slams his ntofo down in the target direction that deals physical damage to enemies hit and slows them by...

Nasus Q: Siphoning Strike (3.5s)
  Active: Nasus empowers his next basic attack within 10 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range, and...

Smolder Q: Super Scorcher Breath (3.5s)
  Active: Smolder spits a fireball at the target enemy that deals physical damage, increased by 0% : 75% (+ 0% : 40%) (bas...

Trundle Q: Chomp (3.5s)
  Active: Trundle empowers his next basic attack within 7 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 25 bonus range, de...

Alistar P: Triumphant Roar (3s)
  Innate: Alistar generates a stack of Triumph for each enemy champion he stuns or displaces with his abilities, and each ...

Amumu Q: Bandage Toss (3s)
  Active: Amumu throws a bandage in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy hit, stunning them for...

AurelionSol Q: Breath of Light (3s)
  Active: Aurelion Sol charges for up to 3.25 seconds to exhale a beam of starfire, during which he can steer the beam in ...

Elise R: Spider Form / Human Form (3s)
  Passive: Spider Queen's bonuses are increased.

Fizz W: Seastone Trident (3s)
  Passive: Fizz's basic attacks rend enemies on-hit, dealing magic damage every 0.5 seconds over 3 seconds, refreshing on ...

Jax W: Empower (3s)
  Active: Jax empowers his next basic attack or Leap Strike against an enemy within 10 seconds to deal bonus magic damage,...

MissFortune Q: Double Up (3s)
  Active: Miss Fortune fires a shot at the target enemy that deals physical damage, triggers on-attack effects, and bounce...

Nidalee R: Aspect of the Cougar (3s)
  Active: Nidalee switches between her Human Form and Cougar Form.

Orianna Q: Command: Attack (3s)
  Active: Orianna commands The Ball to fly to the target location and remain there, dealing magic damage to enemies it pas...

Quinn R: Behind Enemy Lines (3s)
  Active: Quinn channels for 2 seconds, signaling Valor to pair up. Upon completion, he picks her up and they unite, incre...

Swain Q: Death's Hand (3s)
  Active: Swain unleashes five bolts of eldritch power over 0.264 seconds in a cone in the target direction that deal magi...

TahmKench E: Thick Skin (3s)
  Passive: Tahm Kench stores a portion of the post-mitigation damage he takes as grey health on his health bar, increased ...

Taliyah Q: Threaded Volley (3s)
  Active: Taliyah barrages 5 Stone Shards in the target direction over 1.5 seconds that each shatter upon the first enemy ...

Taric Q: Starlight's Touch (3s)
  Active: Taric heals himself and nearby allied champions for 25 (+ 15% AP) (+ 1% of his maximum health) per charge of Sta...

Viego Q: Blade of the Ruined King (3s)
  Passive: Viego's basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus physical damage on-hit. This damage is affected by critical s...

Zed E: Shadow Slash (3s)
  Active: Zed slashes to deal physical damage to nearby enemies.

Ryze E: Spell Flux (2.5s)
  Active: Ryze projects an orb upon the target enemy that deals magic damage.
The target and surrounding enemies are also ...

Akshan W: Going Rogue (2s)
  Passive: Akshan marks enemy champions that kill allied champions as Scoundrels for 60 seconds. If Akshan scores a takedo...

Anivia R: Glacial Storm (2s)
  Active: Anivia calls forth a driving rain of ice and hail at the target location, dealing magic damage every 0.5 seconds...

Corki R: Missile Barrage (2s)
  Passive: Basic attacks on-hit against champions reduce Missile Barrage's remaining recharge time by 2 : 4 (based on crit...

Jhin E: Captive Audience (2s)
  Passive - Beauty in Death: Whenever Jhin kills an enemy champion, he summons a Blooming Lotus Trap on their corpse.

Kassadin R: Riftwalk (2s)
  Active: Kassadin blinks toward the target location, dealing magic damage to all nearby enemies upon arrival. He then gai...

RekSai Q: Queen's Wrath (2s)
  Active: Rek'Sai gains 35% bonus attack speed for 3 seconds. Her next basic attack within the duration will have an uncan...

Samira Q: Flair (2s)
  Active: Samira fires a shot in the target direction that deals physical damage to the first enemy hit.

Soraka W: Astral Infusion (2s)
  Active: Soraka heals the target allied champion.

Taliyah P: Rock Surfing (2s)
  Innate: While near terrain, Taliyah gains 10% / 15% / 25% / 40% (based on level) bonus movement speed, which builds up o...

Talon E: Assassin's Path (2s)
  Active: Talon dashes up to 800 units over the target area of terrain while within proximity of it, during which he gains...

Vayne Q: Tumble (2s)
  Active: Vayne dashes a fixed distance in the target direction, though not through terrain, and empowers her next basic a...

Akali Q: Five Point Strike (1.5s)
  Active: Akali unleashes kunai in a cone in the target direction, dealing magic damage to enemies hit. Targets beyond a c...

Azir W: Arise! (1.5s)
  Active: Azir summons a Sand Soldier at the target location that is untargetable, lasts 10 seconds, and grants sight of i...

Sejuani E: Permafrost (1.5s)
  Passive: Winter's Wrath and both Sejuani's and nearby allied melee champions' basic attacks on-hit apply stacks of Frost...

Velkoz W: Void Rift (1.5s)
  Active: Vel'Koz cracks a rift in the target direction that opens after a 0.25-second delay, cascading through the area o...

Amumu W: Despair (1s)
  Toggle: Amumu cries a continuous pool of tears, dealing magic damage every 0.5 seconds to nearby enemies.

Belveth Q: Void Surge (1s)
  Active: Bel'Veth dashes in the designated direction, though not through terrain, dealing physical damage to enemies she ...

Belveth R: Endless Banquet (1s)
  Passive: Bel'Veth's basic attacks on-hit apply a mark to the target for 5 seconds, refreshing on subsequent hits. Every ...

Heimerdinger Q: H-28G Evolution Turret (1s)
  Active: Heimerdinger deploys a H-28G Evolution Turret at the target location, which lasts until destroyed.

Karthus Q: Lay Waste (1s)
  Active: Karthus conjures a blast at the target location that detonates after 0.528 seconds to 0.759 seconds, granting si...

KogMaw R: Living Artillery (1s)
  Active: Kog'Maw spits a globule of acid into the air that drops to the target location after 0.6 seconds, granting sight...

Singed Q: Poison Trail (1s)
  Toggle: Singed continually creates a toxic cloud in his wake that lingers for 3.25 seconds. The cloud inflicts poison to...

Vi E: Relentless Force (1s)
  Active: Vi empowers her next basic attack within 6 seconds to have an uncancellable windup, gain 50 bonus range and trig...

Zeri Q: Burst Fire (1s)
  Active: Zeri fires a burst of 7 rounds in the target direction that each deal physical damage to the first enemy hit.

Jinx Q: Switcheroo! (0.9s)
  Toggle: Jinx switches between Pow-Pow, her minigun, and Fishbones, her rocket launcher.

Aphelios W: Phase (0.8s)
  Active: Aphelios switches between his main weapon and off-hand weapon over 0.25 seconds.

Cassiopeia E: Twin Fang (0.75s)
  Active: Cassiopeia launches her fangs at the target enemy that deal 52 : 120 (based on level) (+ 10% AP) magic damage. I...

Caitlyn W: Yordle Snap Trap (0.5s)
  Active: Caitlyn sets a visible trap at the target location that is untargetable and arms after 1 second, lasting for a d...

Gangplank E: Powder Keg (0.5s)
  Active: Gangplank consumes a charge to place a powder keg at the target location that lasts for 25 seconds and will conn...

Ivern W: Brushmaker (0.5s)
  Passive: While Ivern is in brush, his basic attacks are empowered to deal bonus magic damage on-hit. This bonus persists...

Karthus E: Defile (0.5s)
  Passive: Karthus restores mana whenever he kills an enemy.

Milio E: Warm Hugs (0.5s)
  Active: Milio envelops himself or the target allied champion in protective flames, granting the target a shield and bonu...

Nilah E: Slipstream (0.5s)
  Active: Nilah dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target unit, dealing physical damage to enemies she passes...

Rumble E: Electro Harpoon (0.5s)
  Active: Rumble generates 20 Heat to shoot a harpoon in the target direction that deals magic damage to the first enemy h...

Teemo R: Noxious Trap (0.25s)
  Active: Teemo tosses a poisonous mushroom to the target location that becomes stealthed after arming over 1 second, last...

Zoe W: Spell Thief (0.25s)
  Passive - Wheeeee: Whenever Zoe casts Spell Thief or a summoner spell, she gains bonus movement speed for a duration, an...

Yasuo E: Sweeping Blade (0.1s)
  Active: Yasuo dashes a fixed distance in the direction of the target enemy and becomes ghosted for 2 seconds, refreshing...

Urgot W: Purge (0s)
  Passive: Urgot's other abilities mark enemy champions hit for 5 seconds. Only one enemy can be marked at a time. Additio...

Yuumi W: You and Me! (0s)
  Passive: While Yuumi is attached, she is untargetable (except by turrets and inbound projectiles) and casts her abilitie...

